<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="classId" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Inpatient Medication Dispense - conformance rules</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc"></shortdesc>
<prolog id="prolog">
</prolog>
<body>
<section id="description">
<p>The dispensing or issuing of medication for an inpatient.</p>
</section>
<ol id="conformance">
<li>Extends <xref href="../MedicationDispense.dita">Medication Dispense</xref></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>ward</b></tt>, where its type is <xref href="../Ward.dita">Ward</xref>
<ul><li>The ward where the dispense took place.</li></ul></li>
</ol>
<ol id="aggregate">
<li>Extends <xref href="../MedicationDispense.dita">Medication Dispense</xref></li>
<li>Contains zero or more [0..*] <tt><b>comments</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../String.dita">String</xref>
<ul><li>Contains comments as deemed necessary by the pharmacy staff for originalDispense or partialDispense or refillDispense (Free text).Note changes made June 2 2009 per CDS\Hdr order set issue.  VHIM disagrees with approach needs be re-reviewed in the future.    Changes are set attribute comments multipilicity to &amp;apos;*&amp;apos;.  </li></ul></li>
<li>Contains zero or one [0..1] <tt><b>dateTimeDispensed</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../PointInTime.dita">Point In Time</xref>
<ul><li>The date and time that the medication was dispensed.  Dispense = &amp;quot;to make up and distribute (medicine), esp. on prescription.&amp;quot;  (Random House Unabridged Dictionary)  </li></ul></li>
<li>Contains zero or one [0..1] <tt><b>dateTimeFilled</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../PointInTime.dita">Point In Time</xref>
<ul><li>The date and time that the medication was dispensed.  Dispense = &amp;quot;to make up and distribute (medicine), esp. on prescription.&amp;quot;  (Random House Unabridged Dictionary)  </li></ul></li>
<li>Contains zero or one [0..1] <tt><b>daysSupply</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Integer.dita">Integer</xref>
<ul><li>The length of time in days that the quantity dispensed will last if consumed at the rate prescribed.  For example if the patient is instructed to take 2 pills a day, 60 pills will last 30 days.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>fillSequenceNumber</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Integer.dita">Integer</xref>
<ul><li>&amp;quot;The code indicating whether the prescription is an original or a refill.&amp;quot; Valid values are 0=original; 1-99=refills. - NCPDP Data Element 403-D3    |Telecom^Claim^4 3-D3^Fill Number|  |Script^SRC^030^7897^Fill Number|</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>id</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Id.dita">Id</xref>
<ul><li>The unique identifier for this dispense, also known as a &amp;quot;Fill Id&amp;quot;.    Question: Do all fills get a fill id, or only refills and partial fills?</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains zero or one [0..1] <tt><b>quantityDispensed</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../PhysicalQuantity.dita">Physical Quantity</xref>
<ul><li>The quanitity of the medication dispensed to this patient in fulfillment of a request.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>specialPackaging</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Code.dita">Code</xref>
</li>
<li>Contains zero or one [0..1] <tt><b>attender</b></tt>, where its type is <xref href="../Attender.dita">Attender</xref>
</li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>pharmacist</b></tt>, where its type is <xref href="../IndividualProvider.dita">Individual Provider</xref>
<ul><li>The pharmacist responsible for dispensing the medication for this outpatient order.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>pharmacy</b></tt>, where its type is <xref href="../Pharmacy.dita">Pharmacy</xref>
<ul><li>The Outpatient Pharmacy Division which filled the prescription.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains zero or one [0..1] <tt><b>pharmacyManufacturedProduct</b></tt>, where its type is <xref href="../PharmacyManufacturedProduct.dita">Pharmacy Manufactured Product</xref>
</li>
<li>Contains zero or one [0..1] <tt><b>productInstance</b></tt>, where its type is <xref href="../MedicinalProductInstance.dita">Medicinal Product Instance</xref>
</li>
<li>Contains zero or one [0..1] <tt><b>dispenseRecipient</b></tt>, where its type is <xref href="../DispenseRecipient.dita">Dispense Recipient</xref>
</li>
<li>Contains zero or one [0..1] <tt><b>filler</b></tt>, where its type is <xref href="../IndividualProvider.dita">Individual Provider</xref>
</li>
<li>Contains zero or one [0..1] <tt><b>dispenser</b></tt>, where its type is <xref href="../IndividualProvider.dita">Individual Provider</xref>
</li>
<li>Contains zero or more [0..*] <tt><b>device</b></tt>, where its type is <xref href="../Device.dita">Device</xref>
</li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>ward</b></tt>, where its type is <xref href="../Ward.dita">Ward</xref>
<ul><li>The ward where the dispense took place.</li></ul></li>
</ol>
<codeblock id="example"><![CDATA[]]></codeblock>
<section id="changes">
</section>
<p><ph id="classformalname">Inpatient Medication Dispense</ph></p>
</body>
</topic>
