<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="classId" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Perpetrator Of Abuse Or Neglect Record - conformance rules</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc"></shortdesc>
<prolog id="prolog">
</prolog>
<body>
<section id="description">
<p>This class is intended to record any additional attributes required to                   describe a history of abuse from the perspective of the perpetrator. This is not                   typical but it is an optional content of a behavioral health record.</p>
</section>
<ol id="conformance">
<li>Extends <xref href="../HistoryOfAbuseOrNeglectRecord.dita">History Of Abuse Or Neglect Record</xref></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>code</b></tt>
<ul><li>This coded attribute may be used to indicate that the patient is a                     registered sex offender, convicted of arson, etc.</li></ul></li>
</ol>
<ol id="aggregate">
<li>Extends <xref href="../HistoryOfAbuseOrNeglectRecord.dita">History Of Abuse Or Neglect Record</xref></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>code</b></tt>
<ul><li>This coded attribute may be used to indicate that the patient is a                     registered sex offender, convicted of arson, etc.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>mostRecentIncidentDate</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../PointInTime.dita">Point In Time</xref>
<ul><li>This attribute is the date of the most recent incident of neglect or abuse                     that has been identified by the assessment.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>statusCode</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Code.dita">Code</xref>
<ul><li>This attributes whether the abuse or neglect is still in progress (&amp;apos;active&amp;apos;)                     or was in the past (&amp;apos;completed&amp;apos;).</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains zero or one [0..1] <tt><b>dateOfOnset</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../PointInTime.dita">Point In Time</xref>
<ul><li>This attribute is the date when the neglect or abuse started (e.g. first                     incident). (An imprecise date would be appropriate).</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>typeCode</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../../terminology/AbuseType.dita">Abuse Type</xref>
<ul><li> This attribute specifies whether the history of abuse refers to neglect,                     physical, or sexual abuse. </li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>clinicalNoteText</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../String.dita">String</xref>
</li>
<li>Contains zero or one [0..1] <tt><b>historyOfAbuse/Neglect</b></tt>, where its type is <xref href="../HistoryOfAbuseOrNeglectRecord.dita">History Of Abuse Or Neglect Record</xref>
<ul><li>This is an association between a client/patient and their History of Abuse                     and Neglect records.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>patientbehavioralhealth</b></tt>, where its type is <xref href="../PatientBehavioralHealth.dita">Patient Behavioral Health</xref>
<ul><li>This is an association between a client/patient and their History of Abuse                     and Neglect records.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains zero or one [0..1] <tt><b>riskOfViolence</b></tt>, where its type is <xref href="../ViolentBehaviorRisk.dita">Violent Behavior Risk</xref>
</li>
</ol>
<codeblock id="example"><![CDATA[]]></codeblock>
<section id="changes">
</section>
<p><ph id="classformalname">Perpetrator Of Abuse Or Neglect Record</ph></p>
</body>
</topic>
