<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="classId" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Practitioner Only Event - conformance rules</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc"></shortdesc>
<prolog id="prolog">
</prolog>
<body>
<section id="description">
<p>An action taken by a practitioner on the patient's behalf in which the patient is not present.  For example, a radiologist reading an x-ray.</p>
</section>
<ol id="conformance">
<li>Extends <xref href="../AbstractEncounter.dita">Abstract Encounter</xref></li>
</ol>
<ol id="aggregate">
<li>Extends <xref href="../AbstractEncounter.dita">Abstract Encounter</xref></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>confidentiallyCode</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Code.dita">Code</xref>
<ul><li>Contains a set of values that control the disclosure of information about this patient </li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>comments</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../String.dita">String</xref>
<ul><li>Any remarks concerning this encounter.    </li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>duration</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../TimeInterval.dita">Time Interval</xref>
<ul><li>"The time interval starting with the administrative onset of the encounter (e.g. admission, registration, patient arrival) and ending with the patient's departure (e.g. discharge). Note_1: for active encounters the end of the effectiveTime range is the anticipated end date-time. Note_2: all messages, except the "nullify" message, require at least a starting time."  (HL7).   This is the start and end date/times of the Encounter.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>id</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Id.dita">Id</xref>
<ul><li>This property uniquely identifies the Encounter.  This property can be used, among other purposes, to associate the current Encounter with other Encounters, or with events that occurred during the Encounter.

"Contains the unique number assigned to each patient visit." - HL7 Version 2.8, PV1-19
"Contains the identifier of a Service Episode in or for which the visit occurs." - HL7 Version 2.8, PV1-54</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>priority</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Code.dita">Code</xref>
<ul><li>"Contains the priority of the visit." - HL7 Version 2.8, PV2-25    Possible values include (from HL7 Table 217): Emergency; Urgent; Elective</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>status</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Code.dita">Code</xref>
<ul><li>A value specifying the state of this patient encounter (based on the RIM Act class state machine), for example, active, aborted, completed </li></ul></li>
<li>Contains zero or more [0..*] <tt><b>diagnosisList</b></tt>, where its type is <xref href="../DiagnosisListEntry.dita">Diagnosis List Entry</xref>
</li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>patient</b></tt>, where its type is <xref href="../Patient.dita">Patient</xref>
<ul><li>The patient who is the subject of the Episode of Care.  </li></ul></li>
<li>Contains zero or more [0..*] <tt><b>relatedEncounter</b></tt>, where its type is <xref href="../RelatedEncounter.dita">Related Encounter</xref>
</li>
</ol>
<codeblock id="example"><![CDATA[]]></codeblock>
<section id="changes">
</section>
<p><ph id="classformalname">Practitioner Only Event</ph></p>
</body>
</topic>
