<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="classId" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Suicidal Ideation Observation - conformance rules</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc"></shortdesc>
<prolog id="prolog">
</prolog>
<body>
<section id="knownSubclasses">
</section>
<section id="description">
<p><lines><i>This class is used to record &amp;apos;thoughts of harming or killing oneself&amp;apos; (IOM                   2002) and is a specialization of HealthConcern. The severity of suicidal ideation                   can be determined by assessing the frequency, intensity, and duration of these                   thoughts. The CDC is in the process of developing Suicide Surveillance: Uniform                   Definitions and Recommended Data Elements. The severity of suicidal ideation can                   be determined by assessing the frequency, intensity, and duration of these                   thoughts (IOM 2002). CDC is in the process of developing Suicide Surveillance:                   Uniform Definitions and Recommended Data Elements. This publication is expected to                   be available starting in 2009. Reference: Goldsmith SK, Pellmar TC, Kleinman AM,                   Bunney WE, eds. Reducing suicide: a national imperative.</i></lines></p>
</section>
<ol id="conformance">
<li>Extends <xref href="../HealthConcern.dita">Health Concern</xref></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>code</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Code.dita">Code</xref>
<ul><li><p><lines><i> The business stakeholders may specify what code is associated with                     SuicidalIdeationObservation. There is an ICDcode attribute in the class                     SuicideAttemptOrCompletion. Are there two different codes for these classes? If                     so, what is the definition for this code and as the name implies is an ICD-9                     code always used to specify this information. </i></lines></p></li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>type</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../../terminology/SelfDirectedType.dita">Self Directed Type</xref>
</li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>description</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../String.dita">String</xref>
</li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>frequency</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Integer.dita">Integer</xref>
</li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>intensity</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Code.dita">Code</xref>
<ul><li><p><lines><i>The intensity may be specified using a value set or a scale of integer values.</i></lines></p></li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>previousSuicideAttempts</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Integer.dita">Integer</xref>
<ul><li><p><lines><i>&amp;apos;A non-fatal, self-inflicted destructive act with explicit or inferred                     intent to die&amp;apos; (IOM 2002).</i></lines></p></li></ul></li>
<li>Contains zero or one [0..1] <tt><b>alert</b></tt>, where its type is <xref href="../SuicideRisk.dita">Suicide Risk</xref>
</li>
<li>Contains zero or more [0..*] <tt><b>suicideAttemptOrCompletion</b></tt>, where its type is <xref href="../SuicideAttemptOrCompletion.dita">Suicide Attempt Or Completion</xref>
</li>
</ol>
<ol id="aggregate">
<li>Extends <xref href="../HealthConcern.dita">Health Concern</xref></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>ageAtOnset</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../TimeQuantity.dita">Time Quantity</xref>
<ul><li><p><lines><i>The age of the patient or subject at onset of the condition</i></lines></p></li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>certainty</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../String.dita">String</xref>
<ul><li><p><lines><i>"Contains a qualitative representation of the certainty of a problem" (e.g., high, low, medium, etc.) - HL7 Version 2.8, PRB-19</i></lines></p></li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>chronicity</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Code.dita">Code</xref>
<ul><li><p><lines><i>"Contains the perseverance of a problem (e.g., acute, chronic, etc.)." - HL7 Version 2.8, PRB-12.  Note that HL7does not provide any suggested values for this code.</i></lines></p></li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>classification</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Code.dita">Code</xref>
<ul><li><p><lines><i>"Indicates the kind of problem.  This field can be used to categorize problems so that they may be managed and viewed independently within different applications (e.g., admission, final, post-operative, pre-operative, outpatient, discharge, etc.)." - HL7 Version 2.8, PRB-10.  Note that HL7does not provide any suggested values for this code.</i></lines></p></li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>confirmationStatus</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Code.dita">Code</xref>
<ul><li><p><lines><i>"Contains the verification status of a problem (e.g., confirmed, differential, provisional, rule-out, etc.)." - HL7 Version 2.8, PRB-13.  Note that HL7does not provide any suggested values for this code.</i></lines></p></li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>dateCreated</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../PointInTime.dita">Point In Time</xref>
<ul><li><p><lines><i>The date and time that the record of the Problem being described was originally created.  Note that this property could be derived from the HealthConcernLifeCycle entries.</i></lines></p></li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>dateEstabished</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../PointInTime.dita">Point In Time</xref>
<ul><li><p><lines><i>"Contains the date/time when the corresponding problem was initially identified by the caregiver." - HL7 Version 2.8, PRB-7</i></lines></p></li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>dateLastModified</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../PointInTime.dita">Point In Time</xref>
<ul><li><p><lines><i>"Indicates the effective date/time of the current problem life cycle status." - HL7 Version 2.8, PRB-15

The date and time that the Problem being described was last modified.  It is assumed that the status of the problem is valid as of the last modified date.  Note that this property could be derived from the HealthConcernLifeCycle entries.</i></lines></p></li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>dateOfOnset</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../PointInTime.dita">Point In Time</xref>
<ul><li><p><lines><i>"Contains the date/time when the problem began." - HL7 Version 2.8, PRB-16.  Note that this date may be inprecise (e.g., "sometime in 2006").</i></lines></p></li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>dateOfOnsetText</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../String.dita">String</xref>
<ul><li><p><lines><i>"This field allows for a textual representation of the time when the problem began." - HL7 Version 2.8, PRB-17</i></lines></p></li></ul></li>
<li>Contains zero or one [0..1] <tt><b>dateResolved</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../PointInTime.dita">Point In Time</xref>
<ul><li><p><lines><i>"Contains the date/time that the problem was actually resolved." - HL7 Version 2.8, PRB-9</i></lines></p></li></ul></li>
<li>Contains zero or one [0..1] <tt><b>familyPrognosisAwareness</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Code.dita">Code</xref>
<ul><li><p><lines><i>"Indicates the individual's family or significant other's comprehension of the actual problem/prognosis." - HL7 Version 2.8, PRB-24</i></lines></p></li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>healthConcern</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Code.dita">Code</xref>
<ul><li><p><lines><i>Identifies the Problem or Health Concern being described.  This property is code, which should come from an approved subset of SNOMED-CT, e.g., the "VA-KP Problem List Subset."  Note that the Health Concern class does not have a separate property to indicate "Family History Of", therefore as currently designed, the health concern value set must include pre-coordinated terms such as "Diabetes", "Family History Of Diabetes", etc.  We may wish to add some sort of qualifying properties so as to not need to overload the terminology.

"Identifies the problem. This is the identifier from an institution's master list of problems." - HL7 Version 2.8, PRB-3</i></lines></p></li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>id</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Id.dita">Id</xref>
<ul><li><p><lines><i>Uniquely identifies the Health Concern (or "Problem") entry. This property is akin to a record number, and may not be unique outside of the organization that created it. However, the Id datatype allows for a assigning authority, which when combined with the local identifier, should make the Id unique.  The id property allows on-going observations made on the same initial problem to be tracked as the same concern.

"Contains the identifier assigned by an initiating system to an instance of a problem." - HL7 Version 2.8, PRB-4</i></lines></p></li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>informationSource</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Code.dita">Code</xref>
<ul><li><p><lines><i>Provides an indication of how the existence of the problem came to be known.  Possible values include Patient, Clinical Evidence, etc.  Added for Ahlta.</i></lines></p></li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>narrative</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../String.dita">String</xref>
<ul><li><p><lines><i>A textual description of the Health Concern (or "Problem").</i></lines></p></li></ul></li>
<li>Contains zero or one [0..1] <tt><b>patientsProblemAwareness</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Code.dita">Code</xref>
<ul><li><p><lines><i>"Contains the individual's comprehension of the problem (e.g., full, marginal, partial, etc.)." - HL7 Version 2.8, PRB-21.  Note that HL7does not provide any suggested values for this code.</i></lines></p></li></ul></li>
<li>Contains zero or one [0..1] <tt><b>patientsPrognosisAwareness</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Code.dita">Code</xref>
<ul><li><p><lines><i>"Contains the individual's comprehension of the prognosis for the problem (e.g., full, marginal, partial, etc.)." - HL7 Version 2.8, PRB-23.  Note that HL7does not provide any suggested values for this code.</i></lines></p></li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>probability</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Real.dita">Real</xref>
<ul><li><p><lines><i>"Contains a quantitative or numeric representation of the certainty that the problem exists for this patient.  This field has a valid range of 0 to 1.  For example, a healthcare provider may be 75% (.75) sure that the problem has been correctly identified." - HL7 Version 2.8, PRB-20</i></lines></p></li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>prognosis</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Code.dita">Code</xref>
<ul><li><p><lines><i>"Contains the prognosis for the individual's problem (e.g., good, poor, etc.)." - HL7 Version 2.8, PRB-22.  Note that HL7does not provide any suggested values for this code.</i></lines></p></li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>sensitivity</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Code.dita">Code</xref>
<ul><li><p><lines><i>"Contains information about the level of security and/or sensitivity surrounding the problem (e.g., highly sensitive, not sensitive, sensitive, etc.)." - HL7 Version 2.8, PRB-25.  Note that HL7does not provide any suggested values for this code.</i></lines></p></li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>severity</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Code.dita">Code</xref>
<ul><li><p><lines><i>"Indicates the severity of the Problem." - HL7 Version 2.8, PRB-26.  Note that HL7 does not suggest values for this code.</i></lines></p></li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>status</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Code.dita">Code</xref>
<ul><li><p><lines><i>"Contains the current status of the problem at this particular date/time (e.g., active, active-improving, active-stable, active-worsening, inactive, resolved, etc.)." - HL7 Version 2.8, PRB-14

This property summarizes the current state of the Health Concern (or "Problem"), as indicated by the last observation made on this concern.</i></lines></p></li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>code</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Code.dita">Code</xref>
<ul><li><p><lines><i> The business stakeholders may specify what code is associated with                     SuicidalIdeationObservation. There is an ICDcode attribute in the class                     SuicideAttemptOrCompletion. Are there two different codes for these classes? If                     so, what is the definition for this code and as the name implies is an ICD-9                     code always used to specify this information. </i></lines></p></li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>type</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../../terminology/SelfDirectedType.dita">Self Directed Type</xref>
</li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>description</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../String.dita">String</xref>
</li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>frequency</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Integer.dita">Integer</xref>
</li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>intensity</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Code.dita">Code</xref>
<ul><li><p><lines><i>The intensity may be specified using a value set or a scale of integer values.</i></lines></p></li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>previousSuicideAttempts</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Integer.dita">Integer</xref>
<ul><li><p><lines><i>&amp;apos;A non-fatal, self-inflicted destructive act with explicit or inferred                     intent to die&amp;apos; (IOM 2002).</i></lines></p></li></ul></li>
<li>Contains zero or more [0..*] <tt><b>diagnosis</b></tt>, where its type is <xref href="../DiagnosisListEntry.dita">Diagnosis List Entry</xref>
<ul><li><p><lines><i>Provides a list of diagnoses that are related to the Health Concern</i></lines></p></li></ul></li>
<li>Contains zero or more [0..*] <tt><b>healthConcernLog</b></tt>, where its type is <xref href="../HealthConcernLogEntry.dita">Health Concern Log Entry</xref>
<ul><li><p><lines><i>This class contains a history of updates to the Health Concern, and relates the Health Concern record to various encounters over time.</i></lines></p></li></ul></li>
<li>Contains zero or more [0..*] <tt><b>note</b></tt>, where its type is <xref href="../CommentEvent.dita">Comment Event</xref>
<ul><li><p><lines><i>Note/s providing additional textual description of the problem.</i></lines></p></li></ul></li>
<li>Contains zero or more [0..*] <tt><b>problemManagementDiscipline</b></tt>, where its type is <xref href="../ProblemManagementDiscipline.dita">Problem Management Discipline</xref>
<ul><li><p><lines><i>"Indicates the category of caregiver with responsibility for managing this specific problem (e.g., care team, nursing, medicine, respiratory therapy, occupational therapy, dietary, etc.)." - HL7 Version 2.8, PRB-11.</i></lines></p></li></ul></li>
<li>Contains zero or more [0..*] <tt><b>relatedConcern</b></tt>, where its type is <xref href="../RelatedConcern.dita">Related Concern</xref>
<ul><li><p><lines><i>Identifies other the Health Concern (aka "Problem") entries to which the original entry (i.e., the entry that points to this class) is related.</i></lines></p></li></ul></li>
<li>Contains zero or one [0..1] <tt><b>responsibleClinic</b></tt>, where its type is <xref href="../ServiceDeliveryLocation.dita">Service Delivery Location</xref>
<ul><li><p><lines><i>Identifies the organization/location responsible for treating the Health Concern.  Used primarily in inpatient situations.</i></lines></p></li></ul></li>
<li>Contains zero or one [0..1] <tt><b>responsibleProvider</b></tt>, where its type is <xref href="../ResponsibleParty.dita">Responsible Party</xref>
<ul><li><p><lines><i>Identifies the provider responsible for treating the Health Concern.</i></lines></p></li></ul></li>
<li>Contains zero or one [0..1] <tt><b>responsibleService</b></tt>, where its type is <xref href="../ServiceDepartment.dita">Service Department</xref>
<ul><li><p><lines><i>A pointer to the service file identifying the service primarily involved in the treatment of this problem.  </i></lines></p></li></ul><ul><li><p><lines><i>A pointer to the service file identifying the service primarily involved in the treatment of this problem.  </i></lines></p></li></ul></li>
<li>Contains zero or one [0..1] <tt><b>alert</b></tt>, where its type is <xref href="../SuicideRisk.dita">Suicide Risk</xref>
</li>
<li>Contains zero or more [0..*] <tt><b>suicideAttemptOrCompletion</b></tt>, where its type is <xref href="../SuicideAttemptOrCompletion.dita">Suicide Attempt Or Completion</xref>
</li>
</ol>
<codeblock id="example"><![CDATA[]]></codeblock>
<section id="changes">
</section>
<p><ph id="classformalname">Suicidal Ideation Observation</ph></p>
</body>
</topic>
