<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="classId" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Mail Order Dispense - conformance rules</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc"></shortdesc>
<prolog id="prolog">
</prolog>
<body>
<section id="description">
</section>
<ol id="conformance">
<li>Extends <xref href="../OutpatientMedicationDispense.dita">Outpatient Medication Dispense</xref></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>carrier</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Code.dita">Code</xref>
</li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>dateTimeMailed</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../PointInTime.dita">Point In Time</xref>
<ul><li>The date and time that the medication was dispensed.  Dispense = "to make up and distribute (medicine), esp. on prescription."  (Random House Unabridged Dictionary)  </li></ul></li>
<li>Contains zero or one [0..1] <tt><b>dateTimeReceived</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../PointInTime.dita">Point In Time</xref>
<ul><li>The date and time that the medication was dispensed.  Dispense = "to make up and distribute (medicine), esp. on prescription."  (Random House Unabridged Dictionary)  </li></ul></li>
<li>Contains zero or one [0..1] <tt><b>trackingId</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../String.dita">String</xref>
</li>
</ol>
<ol id="aggregate">
<li>Extends <xref href="../MedicationDispense.dita">Medication Dispense</xref></li>
<li>Extends <xref href="../OutpatientMedicationDispense.dita">Outpatient Medication Dispense</xref></li>
<li>Contains zero or more [0..*] <tt><b>comments</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../String.dita">String</xref>
<ul><li>Contains comments as deemed necessary by the pharmacy staff for originalDispense or partialDispense or refillDispense (Free text).Note changes made June 2 2009 per CDS\Hdr order set issue.  VHIM disagrees with approach needs be re-reviewed in the future.    Changes are set attribute comments multipilicity to '*'.  </li></ul></li>
<li>Contains zero or one [0..1] <tt><b>dateTimeDispensed</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../PointInTime.dita">Point In Time</xref>
<ul><li>The date and time that the medication was dispensed.  Dispense = "to make up and distribute (medicine), esp. on prescription."  (Random House Unabridged Dictionary)  </li></ul></li>
<li>Contains zero or one [0..1] <tt><b>dateTimeFilled</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../PointInTime.dita">Point In Time</xref>
<ul><li>The date and time that the medication was dispensed.  Dispense = "to make up and distribute (medicine), esp. on prescription."  (Random House Unabridged Dictionary)  </li></ul></li>
<li>Contains zero or one [0..1] <tt><b>daysSupply</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Integer.dita">Integer</xref>
<ul><li>The length of time in days that the quantity dispensed will last if consumed at the rate prescribed.  For example if the patient is instructed to take 2 pills a day, 60 pills will last 30 days.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>fillSequenceNumber</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Integer.dita">Integer</xref>
<ul><li>"The code indicating whether the prescription is an original or a refill." Valid values are 0=original; 1-99=refills. - NCPDP Data Element 403-D3    |Telecom^Claim^4 3-D3^Fill Number|  |Script^SRC^030^7897^Fill Number|</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>id</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Id.dita">Id</xref>
<ul><li>The unique identifier for this dispense, also known as a "Fill Id".    Question: Do all fills get a fill id, or only refills and partial fills?</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains zero or one [0..1] <tt><b>quantityDispensed</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../PhysicalQuantity.dita">Physical Quantity</xref>
<ul><li>The quanitity of the medication dispensed to this patient in fulfillment of a request.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>specialPackaging</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Code.dita">Code</xref>
</li>
<li>Contains zero or one [0..1] <tt><b>dateTimeReleased</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../PointInTime.dita">Point In Time</xref>
<ul><li>The date and time that the medication was dispensed.  Dispense = "to make up and distribute (medicine), esp. on prescription."  (Random House Unabridged Dictionary)  </li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>deliveryModality</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Code.dita">Code</xref>
<ul><li>Indicates whether the medication dispensed will be mailed to the patient, or the patient will pick up the medication at the pharmacy window, or home delivery.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains zero or one [0..1] <tt><b>levelOfUnderstanding</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Code.dita">Code</xref>
<ul><li>Impression of how well the patient understood the education received.  Example values include: Poor, Fair, Good, Group - no assessment, Refused, etc.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains zero or one [0..1] <tt><b>numberOfRefillsRemaining</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Integer.dita">Integer</xref>
<ul><li>Represents the calculated value of number of refills. CHDR sends number of refills but not enough information such as numberofrefillsauthorized to properly calculate the value.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>partialFillStatus</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Code.dita">Code</xref>
</li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>paymentType</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Code.dita">Code</xref>
</li>
<li>Contains zero or one [0..1] <tt><b>salesTransactionId</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../String.dita">String</xref>
</li>
<li>Contains zero or one [0..1] <tt><b>salesTransactionTime</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../PointInTime.dita">Point In Time</xref>
<ul><li>The actual date and time the medication was released for inventory purposes and copay billing if applicable. (VistA)    In the commercial world, "release date" typically corresponds to the date/time that the patient took possession of the medication.  Need to verifiy the VistA usage.  </li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>wasPatientCounseled</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Boolean.dita">Boolean</xref>
<ul><li>Captures whether or not the patient received counseling regarding the dispensed medication.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>carrier</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Code.dita">Code</xref>
</li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>dateTimeMailed</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../PointInTime.dita">Point In Time</xref>
<ul><li>The date and time that the medication was dispensed.  Dispense = "to make up and distribute (medicine), esp. on prescription."  (Random House Unabridged Dictionary)  </li></ul></li>
<li>Contains zero or one [0..1] <tt><b>dateTimeReceived</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../PointInTime.dita">Point In Time</xref>
<ul><li>The date and time that the medication was dispensed.  Dispense = "to make up and distribute (medicine), esp. on prescription."  (Random House Unabridged Dictionary)  </li></ul></li>
<li>Contains zero or one [0..1] <tt><b>trackingId</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../String.dita">String</xref>
</li>
<li>Contains zero or one [0..1] <tt><b>attender</b></tt>, where its type is <xref href="../Attender.dita">Attender</xref>
</li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>pharmacist</b></tt>, where its type is <xref href="../IndividualProvider.dita">Individual Provider</xref>
<ul><li>The pharmacist responsible for dispensing the medication for this outpatient order.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>pharmacy</b></tt>, where its type is <xref href="../Pharmacy.dita">Pharmacy</xref>
<ul><li>The Outpatient Pharmacy Division which filled the prescription.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains zero or one [0..1] <tt><b>pharmacyManufacturedProduct</b></tt>, where its type is <xref href="../PharmacyManufacturedProduct.dita">Pharmacy Manufactured Product</xref>
<ul><li>"Indicates what is to be/was dispensed" - HL7 Version 2.8, RXO-10.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains zero or one [0..1] <tt><b>productInstance</b></tt>, where its type is <xref href="../MedicinalProductInstance.dita">Medicinal Product Instance</xref>
<ul><li>"Indicates what is to be/was dispensed" - HL7 Version 2.8, RXO-10.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains zero or one [0..1] <tt><b>dispenseRecipient</b></tt>, where its type is <xref href="../DispenseRecipient.dita">Dispense Recipient</xref>
</li>
<li>Contains zero or one [0..1] <tt><b>filler</b></tt>, where its type is <xref href="../IndividualProvider.dita">Individual Provider</xref>
</li>
<li>Contains zero or one [0..1] <tt><b>dispenser</b></tt>, where its type is <xref href="../IndividualProvider.dita">Individual Provider</xref>
</li>
<li>Contains zero or more [0..*] <tt><b>device</b></tt>, where its type is <xref href="../Device.dita">Device</xref>
</li>
<li>Contains zero or one [0..1] <tt><b>couponRedemption</b></tt>, where its type is <xref href="../CouponRedemption.dita">Coupon Redemption</xref>
</li>
</ol>
<codeblock id="example"><![CDATA[]]></codeblock>
<section id="changes">
</section>
<p><ph id="classformalname">Mail Order Dispense</ph></p>
</body>
</topic>
