<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="AnesthesiaEvent" xml:lang="en-us">
<title id="title">AnesthesiaEvent</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc">
</shortdesc>
<body id="body" >



<section id="description" audience="developer, modeler, sme">
  <title>Description</title>
	<p>A drug used to produce anesthesia. causing a loss of normal sensation or feeling. The loss of sensation and usually of consciousness without loss of vital functions artificially produced by the administration of one or more agents that block the passage of pain impulses along nerve pathways to the brain   Source: Merriam-Webster&apos;s Medical Dictionary,   2002 Merriam-Webster, Inc.     </p>


	
<simpletable>
 <sthead>
  <stentry>Content</stentry>
  <stentry>Description</stentry>
 </sthead>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>anesthetistCategory :  <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				A Code set that identifies the category to which the Anesthesist belongs.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>catheterRemovedDateTime :  <xref href="../t_PointInTime.dita" >PointInTime</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Date and Time the catheter  was removed. from the patient.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>duration :  <xref href="../t_TimeInterval.dita" >TimeInterval</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Contains the duration of the anesthesia event.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>inductionCompleteDateTime :  <xref href="../t_PointInTime.dita" >PointInTime</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Date and Time the induction was completed.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>levelOfSupervision :  <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Indicates the highest level of supervision of the anesthesiology staff supervisor.  Suggested include Staff Assisting Resident.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

 <strow>
  <stentry><p>admin : <xref href="../t_AnesthesiaAdministrativeEvent.dita" >AnesthesiaAdministrativeEvent</xref> (1..*)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				To manage the Anesthesia administered.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>anesthesiaAssessment : <xref href="../t_SurgeryAssessment.dita" >SurgeryAssessment</xref> (1..*)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				A test or instrument, often a questionaire, used to evaluate or assess the patient&apos;s health, within the context of the anesthesia event.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>anesthesiaComment : <xref href="../t_CommentEvent.dita" >CommentEvent</xref> (0..*)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Contains anesthesia comments regarding the Surigcal event.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>anesthesiaDevice : <xref href="../t_SurgeryDevice.dita" >SurgeryDevice</xref> (1..*)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				A contrivance or an invention serving a particular purpose, especially a machine used to perform one or more relatively simple tasks.&quot; (The American Heritage  Stedman&apos;s Medical Dictionary)        
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>anesthesiaSubEventListEntry : <xref href="../t_AnesthesiaSubEventListEntry.dita" >AnesthesiaSubEventListEntry</xref> (0..*)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>anesthesiaVentilator  : <xref href="../t_SurgeryDevice.dita" >SurgeryDevice</xref> (1..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				A device that circulates fresh air and expels stale or foul air. Medicine. A respirator. 
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>asaClass : <xref href="../t_AsaClassObservation.dita" >AsaClassObservation</xref> (0..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Contains the patient&apos;s physiologic status. Conforming to  American Society of Anesthesiologists classification  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>assistantAnesthetist : <xref href="../t_Assistant.dita" >Assistant</xref> (0..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>dispositionLocation : <xref href="../t_ServiceDeliveryLocation.dita" >ServiceDeliveryLocation</xref> (1..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Transferring the Care from Anesthesist
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>principalAnesthesiologist : <xref href="../t_PrimaryPerformer.dita" >PrimaryPerformer</xref> (1..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>skinPrepEvent : <xref href="../t_SkinPrepEvent.dita" >SkinPrepEvent</xref> (0..*)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The act of preparing the patient&apos;s anesthesia administration site by washing the site with a disinfectant agent.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>supervisorAnesthetist : <xref href="../t_Supervisor.dita" >Supervisor</xref> (0..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

</simpletable>

</section>




</body>
</topic>
