<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="AssessmentInstrumentQuestion" xml:lang="en-us">
<title id="title">AssessmentInstrumentQuestion</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc">
</shortdesc>
<body id="body" >



<section id="description" audience="developer, modeler, sme">
  <title>Description</title>
	<p>This class represents a question on an Assessment Instrument as well as informatin regarding the possible response to that question.  Note that the response might be entered by an interviewer, entered by the interviewee, or populated by a software system (e.g., a system could automatically populate a question such as Date Created).  Note also that this class defines both the question, which is the same for every instance of an edition of a questionaire, and the response which is populated for each administration of the instrument.  For a given Assessment Instrument, the question part would be hard-coded while the response would be populated at run-time.</p>


	
<simpletable>
 <sthead>
  <stentry>Content</stentry>
  <stentry>Description</stentry>
 </sthead>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>assessmentQuestion : <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				This property uniquely identifies the question being asked within the Assessment Instrument.  This is treated as a code because the Name and Version of the Assessment Instrument plus the Question Number serves as an identifier, while the text of the question can be represented as the associated text.  For example, the Addiction Severity Index, 5th Edition question G.4 is the &quot;Date of Admission&quot;.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>assessmentQuestionId : <xref href="../t_String.dita" >String</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				This property is used to convey the question &quot;number&quot; within the Assessment Instrument. While the assessmentQuestion uniquely identifies the question across all possible Assessment Instruments, it does not necessarily contain the question number as displayed on the Assessment Instrument.  This property therefore is needed to hold that data.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>possibleResponse : <xref href="../t_Any.dita" >Any</xref> (0..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				This property represents the possible responses to a question on an Assessment Instrument.  It defines the permissible data type, and if the question is a multiple choice, will define the list of valid responses by using an enumeration.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>questionText : <xref href="../t_String.dita" >String</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>


</simpletable>

</section>




</body>
</topic>
