<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="BirthCertificate" xml:lang="en-us">
<title id="title">BirthCertificate</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc">
</shortdesc>
<body id="body" >



<section id="description" audience="developer, modeler, sme">
  <title>Description</title>
	<p>&quot;A birth certificate is a vital record that documents the birth of a child.  Depending on the jurisdiction, a record of birth might or might not contain verification of the event by such as a midwife or doctor.  In the U.S., the issuance of birth certificates is a function of the states.  These forms are completed by the attendant at birth or a hospital administrator, which are then forwarded to a local or state registrar, who stores the record and issues certified copies upon request.  The U.S. National Center for Health Statistics creates standard forms that are recommended for use by the individual states to document births. However, states are free to create their own forms. [adapted from wikipedia].  This class represents a Person&apos;s Birth Certificate, as defined by the U.S. Standard Certificate of Live Birth, Revision 11/2003.</p>


	
<simpletable>
 <sthead>
  <stentry>Content</stentry>
  <stentry>Description</stentry>
 </sthead>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>apgarScore10Minutes :  <xref href="../t_CodedOrdinal.dita" >CodedOrdinal</xref> (0..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				[US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 51].  Contains the Apgar score (which is a simple and repeatable method to quickly and summarily assess the health of newborn children immediately after birth) 10 minutes after the birth of the infant.  This property is required if the 5 minute Apgar score is less than 6.    &quot;The test is generally done at one and five minutes after birth, and may be repeated later if the score is and remains low. Scores 3 and below are generally regarded as critically low, 4 to 6 fairly low, and 7 to 10 generally normal.&quot; - Wikipedia.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>apgarScore5Minutes :  <xref href="../t_CodedOrdinal.dita" >CodedOrdinal</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				[US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 51].  Contains the Apgar score (which is a simple and repeatable method to quickly and summarily assess the health of newborn children immediately after birth) 5 minutes after the birth of the infant.    &quot;The test is generally done at one and five minutes after birth, and may be repeated later if the score is and remains low. Scores 3 and below are generally regarded as critically low, 4 to 6 fairly low, and 7 to 10 generally normal.&quot; - Wikipedia.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>attendantId :  <xref href="../t_Id.dita" >Id</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				[US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 27].  Indicates the National Provider Identifier (NPI) of the attending clinician.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>attendantName :  <xref href="../t_PersonName.dita" >PersonName</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				[US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 27].  Indicates the name of the attending clinician.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>attendantTitleCategory :  <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				[US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 27].  Indicates the title of the attending clinician.  Choices include: MD, DO, CNM/CM, Other Midwife, or Other (if Other is chosen, attendantTitleOther is used to specify).
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>attendantTitleOther :  String (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				[US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 27].  Indicates the title of the attending clinician.  If attendantTitleCategory is &quot;Other&quot;, then this property is used to specify.  Otherwise this property is not used.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>birthPlaceAddress :  <xref href="../t_Address.dita" >Address</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				[US Standard Certificate Of Birth Fields 06 and 07].  The address of the location (i.e., institution, home, in the car on the way to the hospital) at which the infant was born.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>birthPlaceCategory :  <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				[US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 26].  Categorizes the place at which the birth occured.  Possible values include: Hospital; Freestanding birthing center; Home birth*; Clinic/Doctor&apos;s office; or Other**.  * = if Home birth is chosen, wasHomeDeliveryPlanned is used to indicate whether a home delivery was planned.  ** = if other is chosen, birthPlaceOther provides a free text in which to describe the location.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>birthPlaceFacility :  String (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				[US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 05].  The name of the facility at which the infant was born.  If not a facility (e.g., at home), the street address goes in field 5 on the report, but would be retreived from the BirthPlaceAddress property; this property would be unused.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>birthPlaceFacilityId :  <xref href="../t_Id.dita" >Id</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				[US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 17].  Identifies the faclity at which the child was born.  Should be the National Provider Identifier for the facility.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>birthPlaceOther :  String (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				[US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 26].  Provides further details in free text regarding the place at which the birth occured.  Used only when birthPlaceCategory is &quot;Other&quot;.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>birthWeight :  <xref href="../t_PhysicalQuantity.dita" >PhysicalQuantity</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				[US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 49].  The weight of the infant at birth.  Can be expressed in either pounds/ounces or grams.  The use of grams is preferred.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>certifierName :  <xref href="../t_PersonName.dita" >PersonName</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				[US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 11].  Indicates the name of the person who certified the birth of the infant.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>certifierTitleCategory :  <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				[US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 11].  Indicates the title of the person who certified the birth of the infant.  Choices include: MD, DO, Hospital Administrator, CNM/CM, Other Midwife, or Other (if Other is chosen, certifierTitleOther is used to specify.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>certifierTitleOther :  String (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				[US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 11].  Indicates the title of the person who certified the birth of the infant.  If certifierTitleCategory is &quot;Other&quot;, then this property is used to specify.  Otherwise this property is not used.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>dateCertified :  <xref href="../t_PointInTime.dita" >PointInTime</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				[US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 12].  Indicates the date that the infant&apos;s birth was certified.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>dateFiledByRegistrar :  <xref href="../t_PointInTime.dita" >PointInTime</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				[US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 13].  Indicates the date that the birth certificate was filed by the registrar.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>dateLastNormalMensesBegan :  <xref href="../t_PointInTime.dita" >PointInTime</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				[US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 39].  Indicates the date on which the infant&apos;s mother last experienced the beginning of a normal menstrual cycle.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>dateOfFirstPrenatalVisit :  <xref href="../t_PointInTime.dita" >PointInTime</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				[US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 29a].  Provides the date of the first pre-natal care visit for the pregnancy resulting in this birth.  Note that Box 29a also has a &quot;No Prenatal care&quot; checkbox, which is not modeled; it is assumed that this box can be calculated based on whether or not numberOfPrenatalVisits = 0.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>dateOfLastLiveBirth :  <xref href="../t_PointInTime.dita" >PointInTime</xref> (0..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				[US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 35c].  Indicates the date on which the last child was born alive (e.g., not stillborn) to this infant&apos;s mother before this infant was born (i.e., not including this child).
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>dateOfLastOtherPregnancyOutcome :  <xref href="../t_PointInTime.dita" >PointInTime</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				[US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 36b].  Indicates the date on which the last &quot;other pregnancy outcome (spontaneous or induced losses or ectopic pregnancies)&quot; occurred.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>dateOfLastPrenatalVisit :  <xref href="../t_PointInTime.dita" >PointInTime</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				[US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 29b].  Provides the date of the last pre-natal care visit for the pregnancy resulting in this birth.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>didMotherReceiveWicFood :  Boolean (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				[US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 34].  Indicates whether the mother received Women and Infant Children (WIC) food assistance for herself during this pregnancy.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>hasPaternityAcknowledgementBeenSigned :  Boolean (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				[US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 15].  If the isMotherMarried property is false, i.e., the infant&apos;s mother was not married at birth, conception, or any time in between, this property indicates whether the father has signed a paternity acknowlegement.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>infantTransferredToFacility :  String (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				[US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 56].  If the infant was transferred to another facility within 24 hours of delivery (i.e., wasInfantTransferred = true), this property is used to identify the receiving facility.  Not used when wasInfantTransferred = false.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>isInfantBreastFed :  Boolean (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				[US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 58].  Indicates whether the infant was being breastfed at the time of discharge.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>isInfantLiving :  <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				[US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 57].  Indicates whether the infant is living at the time the report (i.e., the US Standard Certificate Of Birth) was completed.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>motherTransferedFromFacility :  String (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				[US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 28].  If the mother was transferred from another facility for maternal medical or fetal indications for delivery (i.e., wasMotherTransferred = true), this property is used to identify the transferring facility.  Not used when wasMotherTransferred = false.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>mothersHeight :  <xref href="../t_PhysicalQuantity.dita" >PhysicalQuantity</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				[US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 31].  Indicates the infant&apos;s mother height (displayed in feet/inches).
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>mothersPrePregnancyWeight :  <xref href="../t_PhysicalQuantity.dita" >PhysicalQuantity</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				[US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 32].  Indicates the weight, in pounds, that the infant&apos;s mother normally weighed before this pregnancy.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>mothersWeightAtDelivery :  <xref href="../t_PhysicalQuantity.dita" >PhysicalQuantity</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				[US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 33].  Indicates the weight, in pounds, that the infant&apos;s mother weighed just before delivery.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>multipleBirthOrder :  Integer (0..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				[US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 53].  Note that this property can probably be derived, as it is stored as part of the infant&apos;s Person record.  &quot;When a patient was part of a multiple birth, a value (number) indicating the patient&apos;s birth order is entered in this field.&quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, PID-25.  If the biological entity was born along with other siblings, this property indicates the order the entity was born.  For example, for a set of twins, this property indicates which twin was born first, and which was born second.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>newbornsMedicalRecordId :  String (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				[US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 48].  Uniquely identifies the newborn&apos;s medical record within the institution&apos;s set of records.  Note that this is modeled as a string, as this is all that is called for by the form, but it might be more properly modeled as an Id.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>numberOfChildrenNowDead :  Integer (0..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				[US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 35b].  Indicates the number, of the children born alive to this infant&apos;s mother before this infant was born, that have since died.  Note that Box 35b has a checkbox titled &quot;None&quot;, which is not modeled - it is assumed that this checkbox can be calculated based on whether or not numberOfPreviousLiveBirths = 0).
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>numberOfChildrenNowLiving :  Integer (0..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				[US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 35a].  Indicates the number, of the children born alive to this infant&apos;s mother before this infant was born, that are still alive.  Note that Box 35a has a checkbox titled &quot;None&quot;, which is not modeled - it is assumed that this checkbox can be calculated based on whether or not numberOfPreviousLiveBirths = 0).
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>numberOfOtherPregnancyOutcomes :  Integer (0..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				[US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 36a].  Indicates the number of &quot;other pregnancy outcomes (spontaneous or induced losses or ectopic pregnancies)&quot;  Note that Box 36a has a checkbox titled &quot;None&quot;, which is not modeled - it is assumed that this checkbox can be calculated based on whether or this property is equal to 0.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>numberOfPrenatalVisits :  Integer (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				[US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 30].  Provides the number of pre-natal care visits for the pregnancy resulting in this birth.  Note that Box 29a also has a &quot;No Prenatal care&quot; checkbox, which is not modeled; it is assumed that this box can be calculated based on whether or not numberOfPrenatalVisits = 0.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>numberOfPreviousLiveBirths :  Integer (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				[US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 35].  Indicates the number of children born alive (e.g., not stillborn) to this infant&apos;s mother before this infant was born (i.e., not including this child).
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>obstetricEstimateOfGestation :  <xref href="../t_TimeQuantity.dita" >TimeQuantity</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				[US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 50].  Contains an estimate of gestational age of the infant, in weeks.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>plurality :  Integer (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				[US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 53].  The number of fetuses delivered live or dead at any time in the pregnancy regardless of gestational age or if the fetuses were delivered at different dates in the pregnancy.  ( Reabsorbed  fetuses, those which are not  delivered   (expulsed or extracted from the mother) should not be counted.)
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>principalPaymentSourceCategory :  <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				[US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 38].  Identifies the principal source of payment for this delivery.  Possible values include: Private Insurance; Medicaid; Self-pay; or Other.  If Other is chosen, the principalPaymentSourceOther property provides a free text in which the payment source could be specified.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>principalPaymentSourceOther :  String (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				[US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 38].  If the principalPaymentSourceCategory property contains &quot;Other&quot;, this property provides a free text in which the payment source could be specified.  Not used if the principalPaymentSourceCategory property is anything other than &quot;Other&quot;.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>wasHomeDeliveryPlanned :  Boolean (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				[US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 26].  If the birth took place at home (i.e., birthPlaceCategory=&quot;Home Birth&quot;), this property indicates whether such a home delivery was planned.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>wasInfantTransferred :  Boolean (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				[US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 56].  Indicates whether the infant was transferred to another facility within 24 hours of delivery.  If the answer is yes, the infantTransferredToFacility property is used to identify the receiving facility.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>wasMotherTransferred :  Boolean (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				[US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 28].  Indicates whether the mother was transferred from another facility for maternal medical or fetal indications for delivery.  If the answer is yes, the motherTransferedFromFacility property is used to identify the transferring facility.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>wasMultipleBirth :  Boolean (0..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				[US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 52].  Note that this property can probably be derived, as it is stored as part of the infant&apos;s Person record.    &quot;This field indicates whether the patient was part of a multiple birth.&quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, PID-24    If the biological entity was born along with other siblings, this property indicates the order the entity was born.  For example, for a set of twins, this property indicates which twin was born first, and which was born second.  An indication as to whether the person was born along with other siblings as part of a single pregnancy.  This property is primarily used to distinguish records for newborn infants who have not yet have been given names.  This property may also be used in research situations to distinguish individuals who were part of a multi-child pregnancy.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>wasSsnRequested :  Boolean (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				[US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 16].  Indicates whether a Social Security Number has been requested for the child.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

 <strow>
  <stentry><p>cigaretteSmoking : <xref href="../t_CigaretteSmoking.dita" >CigaretteSmoking</xref> (0..4)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				[US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 37].  Describes whether and how much the infant&apos;s mother smoked before and/or during pregnancy.  The US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 37 lists four time periods: Three months before pregnancy; first three months of pregnancy; second three months of pregnancy; and third trimester of pregnancy.  It then asks for the average number of cigarettes OR packs of cigarettes smoked per day for each of these time periods.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>father : <xref href="../t_Father.dita" >Father</xref> (1..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Contains demographic information about the newborn&apos;s father.  Note that the properties of this class can be derived from Person and therefore are all marked as Derived, yet we wanted to clearly show where the specific fields on the birth certificate can be found, so they are in this class for logical model purposes.   This class would probably not be instantiated in actual implentations.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>infection : <xref href="../t_Infection.dita" >Infection</xref> (0..*)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				[US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 42].  Contains a list of infections present and/or treated during this pregnancy.  On the form, this is a multiple-choice question (i.e., &quot;check all that apply&quot;), although one of the choices is &quot;None of the above&quot;, so if that one is chosen, there should not be any others chosen.  Possible values include: Gonorrhea; Syphilis; Chlamydia; Hepatitis B; Hepatitis C; None of the above.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>laborAndDeliveryCharacteristic : <xref href="../t_LaborAndDeliveryCharacteristic.dita" >LaborAndDeliveryCharacteristic</xref> (0..*)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				[US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 45].  Contains a list of observations regarding the labor and delivery of the infant.  On the form, this is a multiple-choice question (i.e., &quot;check all that apply&quot;), although one of the choices is &quot;None of the above&quot;, so if that one is chosen, there should not be any others chosen.  Possible values include: Induction of labor; Augmentation of labor; Non-vertex presentation; Steroids (glucocorticoids) for fetal long maturation received by the mother prior to delivery; Antibiotics received by the mother during labor; Clinical chorioamnionitis diagnosed during labor or maternal temperature &gt;= 38C (100.4F); Moderate/heavy meconium staining of the amniotic fluid; Fetal intolerance of labor such that one or more of the following actions were taken: in-utero resuscitative measures, further fetal assessment, or operative delivery; Epidural or spinal anesthesia during labor; None of the above.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>maternalMorbidity : <xref href="../t_MaternalMorbidity.dita" >MaternalMorbidity</xref> (0..*)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				[US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 47].  Contains a list of complications associated with labor and delivery.  On the form, this is a multiple-choice question (i.e., &quot;check all that apply&quot;), although one of the choices is &quot;None of the above&quot;, so if that one is chosen, there should not be any others chosen.  Possible values include: Maternal transfusion; Third or fourth degree perineal laceration; ruptured uterus; Unplanned hysterectomy; Admission to intensive care unit; Unplanned operating room procedure following delivery; None of the above.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>methodOfDelivery : <xref href="../t_MethodOfDelivery.dita" >MethodOfDelivery</xref> (0..*)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				[US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 46].  Contains a list of observations regarding the delivery of the infant.  Possible values include: Was delivery with forceps attempted by unsuccessful? - Yes; Was delivery with forceps attempted by unsuccessful? - No; Was delivery with vacuum extraction attempted by unsuccessful? - Yes; Was delivery with vacuum extraction attempted by unsuccessful? - No; Fetal presentation at birth, Cephalic; Fetal presentation at birth, Breech; Fetal presentation at birth, Other; Final route and method of delivery, Vaginal/Spontaneous; Final route and method of delivery, Vaginal/Forceps; Final route and method of delivery, Vaginal/Vacuum; Final route and method of delivery, Cesarean, trial of labor attempted; Cesarean, trial of labor not attempted.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>mother : <xref href="../t_Mother.dita" >Mother</xref> (1..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Contains demographic information about the newborn&apos;s mother.  Note that the properties of this class can be derived from Person and therefore are all marked as Derived, yet we wanted to clearly show where the specific fields on the birth certificate can be found, so they are in this class for logical model purposes.   This class would probably not be instantiated in actual implentations.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>newbornAbnormalCondition : <xref href="../t_NewbornAbnormalCondition.dita" >NewbornAbnormalCondition</xref> (0..*)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				[US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 54].  Contains a list of abnormal conditions of the newborn.  On the form, this is a multiple-choice question (i.e., &quot;check all that apply&quot;), although one of the choices is &quot;None of the above&quot;, so if that one is chosen, there should not be any others chosen.  Possible values include: Assisted ventilation required immediately following delivery; Assisted ventilation required for more than six hours; NICU admission; Newborn given surfactant replacement therapy; Antibiotics received by the newborn for suspected neonatal sepsis; Seizure or serious neurologic dysfunction; Significant birth injury (skeletal fractures(s), peripheral nerve injury, and/or soft tissue/solid organ hemorrhage which require intervention); None of the above.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>newbornCongenitalAnomaly : <xref href="../t_NewbornCongenitalAnomaly.dita" >NewbornCongenitalAnomaly</xref> (0..*)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				[US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 55].  Contains a list of congenital anomalies of the newborn.  On the form, this is a multiple-choice question (i.e., &quot;check all that apply&quot;), although one of the choices is &quot;None of anomalies listed above&quot;, so if that one is chosen, there should not be any others chosen.  Possible values include: Anencephaly; Meningomyelocele/Spinal bifida; Cyanotic congenital heart disease; Congenital diaphramic hernia; Omphalocele; Gastroschisis; Limb reduction defect (excluding congenital amputation and dwarfing syndromes); Cleft lip with or without cleft palate; Cleft palate alone; Down Syndrome, Karyotype confirmed; Down Syndrome, Karyotype pending; Suspected chromosomal disorder, Karyotype confirmed; Suspected chromosomal disorder, Karyotype pending; Hypospadias; None of anomalies listed above.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>obstetricProcedure : <xref href="../t_ObstetricProcedure.dita" >ObstetricProcedure</xref> (0..*)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				[US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 43].  Contains a list of obstetric procedures performed during this pregnancy.  On the form, this is a multiple-choice question (i.e., &quot;check all that apply&quot;), although one of the choices is &quot;None of the above&quot;, so if that one is chosen, there should not be any others chosen.  Possible values include: Cervical cerclage; Tocolysis; External cephalic version, Successful; External cephalic version, Failed; None of the above.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>onsetOfLabor : <xref href="../t_OnsetOfLabor.dita" >OnsetOfLabor</xref> (0..*)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				[US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 44].  Contains a list of adverse events associated with the onset of labor.  On the form, this is a multiple-choice question (i.e., &quot;check all that apply&quot;), although one of the choices is &quot;None of the above&quot;, so if that one is chosen, there should not be any others chosen.  Possible values include: Premature rupture of the membranes (prolonged, &amp;amp;gt; 12 hours); Precipitous labor; Prolonged labor; None of the above.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>riskFactor : <xref href="../t_RiskFactor.dita" >RiskFactor</xref> (0..*)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				[US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 41].  Contains a list of risk factors that were encountered during this pregnancy.  On the form, this is a multiple-choice question (i.e., &quot;check all that apply&quot;), although one of the choices is &quot;None of the above&quot;, so if that one is chosen, there should not be any others chosen.  Possible values include: Diabetes, Pre-pregnancy (diagnosis prior to this pregnancy); Diabetes, Gestational (diagnosis in this pregnancy); Hypertension, Prepregnancy (chronic); Hypertension, Gestational (PIH, preclampsia); Hypertension, Eclampsia; Previous preterm birth; Other previous poor pregnancy outcome (includes perinatal death, small-for-gestational age / intrauterine growth restricted birth); Pregnancy resulted from infertility treatment, Fertility-enhancing drugs, Artificial insemination or intrauterine insemination; Pregnancy resulted from infertility treatment, Assisted reproductive technology (e.g., in vitro fertilization (IVF) gamete intrafallopian transfer (GIFT)); Mother had a previous cesarean delivery - if yes, how many**; None of the above.  **=if &quot;Mother had a previous cesarean delivery&quot; is chosen, a subclass of RiskFactor is used to contain the number of previous cesarean deliveries.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

</simpletable>

</section>




</body>
</topic>
