<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="CancerSurgery" xml:lang="en-us">
<title id="title">CancerSurgery</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc">
</shortdesc>
<body id="body" >

<section id="generalizations"  audience="developer, modeler">
  <title>Hierarchy</title>
	CancerSurgery is a kind of <xref href="../t_CancerTreatment.dita">CancerTreatment</xref>	
</section>


<section id="description" audience="developer, modeler, sme">
  <title>Description</title>
	<p>Surgical operation or procedure, especially one involving the removal or replacement of a diseased organ or tissue related to cancer  </p>


	
<simpletable>
 <sthead>
  <stentry>Content</stentry>
  <stentry>Description</stentry>
 </sthead>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>numberOfNodesRemoved : <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 

</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Indicates the number of regional lymph nodes removed.  Possible values are 00-99; 00 for No nodes removed 01 for 1 node removed 02 for 2 nodes removed ...90 for 90 or more nodes removed 95 for No nodes removed, aspiration performed 96 for Node removal as a sampling, number unknown 97 for Node removal as dissection, number unknown 98 for Nodes surgically removed, number unknown 99 for Unknown; not stated; death certificate only.  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>scopeOfLymphNodeSurgery : <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 

</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Indentifies the removal, biopsy, or aspiration of regional lymph node(s) at the time of surgery of the primary site or during a separate surgical event.  Possible values are None; Bx/aspiration, NOS; Sentinel Bx; Nodes removed, number unk; 1-3 nodes removed; 4 or more nodes removed; sentinel + 3, 4 or 5, timing not stated; Sentinel + 3, 4, or 5, diff times; Unknown/NA; etc.  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>surgeryOfPrimary : <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 

</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Indicates the surgical procedure(s) performed to the primary site.     Possible values are None; no surgery of primary site; autopsy ONLY; Local tumor destruction, NOS; Local tumor excision, NOS; etc.            
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>surgicalMargins : <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 

</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Records the final status of the surgical margins after resection of the primary tumor.  Possible values are No residual tumor; Residual tumor, NOS; Microscopic residual tumor; Macroscopic residual tumor; Margins not evaluable; No primary site surgery; Unknown or NA; etc.  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>surgicalProcedureOtherSite : <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 

</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Identifies the code for surgery of other regional site(s), distant site(s) or distant lymph node(s).  Possible values are None; Nonprimary surg proc performed; Nonprimary surg proc/other regional sites; Nonprimary surg proc/distant lymph node(s); Nonprimary surg proc/distant site; Combination of codes; Unknown; etc.  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>


</simpletable>

</section>




</body>
</topic>
