<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="Code" xml:lang="en-us">
<title id="title">Code</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc">
</shortdesc>
<body id="body" >

<section id="generalizations"  audience="developer, modeler">
  <title>Hierarchy</title>
	Code is a kind of <xref href="../t_CD.dita">CD</xref>	
</section>


<section id="description" audience="developer, modeler, sme">
  <title>Description</title>
	<p>&quot;A word, letter, number, or other symbol used in a code system to mark, represent, or identify something: The code on the label shows the date of manufacture.&quot; - Dictionary.com  This *abstract* datatype represents a &quot;coded element&quot; - some series of letters or numbers which can be &quot;looked up&quot; in a code system or value set.  In practice, this datatype will be substituted with specific &quot;flavors&quot; of the code datatype for use in particular standards-based payloads.</p>


	
<simpletable>
 <sthead>
  <stentry>Content</stentry>
  <stentry>Description</stentry>
 </sthead>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>code :  String (0..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				This is a placeholder for the &quot;code&quot;, which is a unique identifier of an entry in a coding system. Note that this property will be replaced by some other concept or group of concepts when this abstract class is replaced by a specific class for a given target platform.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>codeSystem :  String (0..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				This is a placeholder for the &quot;coding system&quot;, which is a identifies the coding scheme or coding system of which the code is a member. Note that this property will be replaced by some other concept or group of concepts when this abstract class is replaced by a specific class for a given target platform.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>codeSystemVersion :  String (0..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				This is a placeholder for the &quot;coding system version&quot;, which is identifies the version coding scheme or coding system of which the code is a member. Note that this property will be replaced by some other concept or group of concepts when this abstract class is replaced by a specific class for a given target platform.  This version number identifies the possible members of a coding system as of a particular time.  If a coding system isn&apos;t formally versioned, such as NDC, the date on which the coding system was published could be used here.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>text :  String (0..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				This is a placeholder for the &quot;display text&quot; or &quot;designation&quot;, which is the human-readable string representing the concept. Note that this property will be replaced by some other concept or group of concepts when this abstract class is replaced by a specific class for a given target platform.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>


</simpletable>

</section>




</body>
</topic>
