<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="DetectedIssueEvent" xml:lang="en-us">
<title id="title">DetectedIssueEvent</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc">
</shortdesc>
<body id="body" >



<section id="description" audience="developer, modeler, sme">
  <title>Description</title>
	<p>&quot;An observation identifying a potential adverse outcome as a result of an Act or combination of Acts.  Examples: Detection of a drug-drug interaction; Identification of a late-submission for an invoice; Requesting discharge for a patient who does not meet hospital-defined discharge criteria.  Discussion: This class is commonly used for identifying &apos;business rule&apos; or &apos;process&apos; problems that may result in a refusal to carry out a particular request. In some circumstances it may be possible to &apos;bypass&apos; a problem by modifying the request to acknowledge the issue and/or by providing some form of mitigation.  Constraints: the Act or Acts that may cause the the adverse outcome are the target of a subject ActRelationship. The subbtypes of this concept indicate the type of problem being detected (e.g. drug-drug interaction) while the Observation.value is used to repesent a specific problem code (e.g. specific drug-drug interaction id).&quot; - HL7 Version 3</p>


	
<simpletable>
 <sthead>
  <stentry>Content</stentry>
  <stentry>Description</stentry>
 </sthead>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>dangerLevel :  <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				This is the clinical danger level associated with this detected issue. Those having a High danger level will require a justification for override and release. Valid values are High, Moderate, or Low.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>detectedIssue :  <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Indicates the issue that was detected (also called an &quot;order check&quot;).
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>text :  String (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Contains the actual text of the detected issue.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

 <strow>
  <stentry><p>detectedIssueOrderRevision : <xref href="../t_DetectedIssueOrderRevision.dita" >DetectedIssueOrderRevision</xref> (0..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Provides a record of a revision to the originally proposed Order Action - the resulting revision reflecting a decision to change the Order Action based on information presented by the Detected Issue (aka Order Check).
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>detectedIssueOverride : <xref href="../t_DetectedIssueOverride.dita" >DetectedIssueOverride</xref> (0..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Provides a record that the Detected Issue (or &quot;Order Check&quot;) was acknowledged and was disregarded.  For example, perhaps a warning was displayed indicating that the patient has a mild allergy to an antibiotic that the clinician wishes to order.  If the antibiotic is the only one that could possibly save the patient&apos;s life, the clinician would likely choose to order the antibiotic anyway.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

</simpletable>

</section>




</body>
</topic>
