<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="DiagnosticWorkup" xml:lang="en-us">
<title id="title">DiagnosticWorkup</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc">
</shortdesc>
<body id="body" >



<section id="description" audience="developer, modeler, sme">
  <title>Description</title>
	<p>This class contains information pertinent to the diagnostic followup of a cancer patient.</p>


	
<simpletable>
 <sthead>
  <stentry>Content</stentry>
  <stentry>Description</stentry>
 </sthead>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>bloodInSputumPerPt : <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (0..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Indicates the presence of blood in the patient&apos;s sputum as reported by the patient. Possible values are No; Yes; unknown/Not documented; etc.  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>changeInBowelHabitsPerPt : <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (0..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Indicates all changes in bowel habits as reported by the patient.   Possible values are No; &apos;Yes; Unknown/not documented; etc.  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>dateOfBloodInSptumPerPT : <xref href="../t_PointInTime.dita" >PointInTime</xref> (0..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The date of the presence of blood in the patient&apos;s sputum (as reported by the patient).  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>dateOfChangeInBowelHabits : <xref href="../t_PointInTime.dita" >PointInTime</xref> (0..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The date of a change in bowel habits (as reported by the patient).  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>dateOfFever : <xref href="../t_PointInTime.dita" >PointInTime</xref> (0..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The date on which the patient experienced a fever.  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>dateOfFirstSymptoms : <xref href="../t_PointInTime.dita" >PointInTime</xref> (0..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The date on which the patient was first seen with symptoms or had abnormal test results which began the workup which led to the diagnosis of cancer.  This date would be before or equal to the DATE DX.  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>dateOfIncreasedCough : <xref href="../t_PointInTime.dita" >PointInTime</xref> (0..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The date on which the patient experienced increased coughing.  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>dateOfNightSweats : <xref href="../t_PointInTime.dita" >PointInTime</xref> (0..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The date on which the patient experienced night sweats.  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>dateStartOfWorkupOrdered : <xref href="../t_PointInTime.dita" >PointInTime</xref> (0..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The date the physician placed consult to specialty clinic OR ordered diagnostic procedures or tests.  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>dateWorkupStarted : <xref href="../t_PointInTime.dita" >PointInTime</xref> (0..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The date when the patient was seen in the specialty clinic OR had diagnostic procedures or tests performed.  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>fever : <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (0..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Indicates whether the patient experienced a fever.  Possible values are No; Yes; Unknown/not documented; etc.  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>increasedCough : <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (0..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Indicates whether the patient experienced increased coughing.  Possible values are No; Yes; Unknown/not documented; etc.  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>nightSweats : <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (0..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Indicates whether the patient experienced night sweats.  Possible values are No; Yes; Unknown/not documented; etc.  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>sporadicPolyps : <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (0..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Indicates the existence of sporadic polyps.  Possible values are No; Yes; Unknown/not documented; etc.  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>ulcerativeColitis : <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (0..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Indicates whether the patient was affected by ulcerative colitis (UC).  Possible values are No; Yes; Unknown/not documented; etc.  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>weightLossPerPt : <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (0..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Indicates the weight loss as reported by the patient.  Possible values are No; Yes; Unknown/not documented; etc.  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

 <strow>
  <stentry><p>resultBariumEnema : <xref href="../t_BariumEnema.dita" >BariumEnema</xref> (0..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Result of Barium Enema
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>resultBronchoscopy : <xref href="../t_Bronchoscopy.dita" >Bronchoscopy</xref> (0..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Result of Bronchoscopy
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>resultChestXRay : <xref href="../t_ChestXRay.dita" >ChestXRay</xref> (0..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Result of Chest C-Ray
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>resultColonoscopy : <xref href="../t_Colonoscopy.dita" >Colonoscopy</xref> (0..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				result of Colonoscopy
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>resultCtOfAbdomenPelvis : <xref href="../t_CtOfAbdomenPelvis.dita" >CtOfAbdomenPelvis</xref> (0..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Result of  Ct Of Abdomen Pelvis
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>resultCtScanOfThorax : <xref href="../t_CtScanOfThorax.dita" >CtScanOfThorax</xref> (0..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Result of Ct Scan Of Thorax
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>resultDyspnea : <xref href="../t_Dyspnea.dita" >Dyspnea</xref> (0..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Result of Dyspnea
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>resultFobt : <xref href="../t_FecalOccultBloodTest.dita" >FecalOccultBloodTest</xref> (0..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Result of Fecal Occult Blood Test
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>resultMediastinoscopy : <xref href="../t_Mediastinoscopy.dita" >Mediastinoscopy</xref> (0..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Result of Mediastinoscopy
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>resultPetScan : <xref href="../t_PetScan.dita" >PetScan</xref> (0..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Result of Pet Scan.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>resultSigmoidoscopy : <xref href="../t_Sigmoidoscopy.dita" >Sigmoidoscopy</xref> (0..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Result of Sigmoidoscopy
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

</simpletable>

</section>




</body>
</topic>
