<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="DischargeEvent" xml:lang="en-us">
<title id="title">DischargeEvent</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc">
</shortdesc>
<body id="body" >



<section id="description" audience="developer, modeler, sme">
  <title>Description</title>
	<p>The release of a patient from a course of care.</p>


	
<simpletable>
 <sthead>
  <stentry>Content</stentry>
  <stentry>Description</stentry>
 </sthead>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>date :  <xref href="../t_PointInTime.dita" >PointInTime</xref> (0..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				&quot;This field contains the discharge date/time.  It is to be used if the event date/time is different than the discharge date and time, that is, a retroactive update.  This field is also used to reflect the date/time of an outpatient/emergency patient discharge.&quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, PV1-45
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>disposition :  <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 
<p>See <xref href="../t_DischargeDispositionHL7.dita">Discharge Disposition (HL7)</xref> definition for values.</p>
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				&quot;Contains the disposition of the patient at time of discharge (i.e., discharged to home, expired, etc.).  ...use the Official Uniform Billing (UB) 04 2008 numeric codes found on form locator 17.&quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, PV1-36    Note that while the encounter is still &quot;active&quot; (i.e., the encounter does not have an end date yet) this attribute should be interpreted as the expected discharge disposition. When the encounter is &quot;completed&quot; this attribute contains the actual discharge disposition.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>needOutpatientFollowup :  Boolean (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

 <strow>
  <stentry><p>dischargeFromLocation : <xref href="../t_ServiceDeliveryLocation.dita" >ServiceDeliveryLocation</xref> (1..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				&quot;The location to which the patient is assigned. It is a role played by a place at which services may be provided. Note that a single physical place can play multiple service delivery location roles each with its own attributes. For example, a Podiatry clinic and Research clinic may meet on alternate days in the same physical location; each clinic uses its own mailing address and telephone number.&quot; (HL7) 
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>dischargeToLocation : <xref href="../t_ServiceDeliveryLocation.dita" >ServiceDeliveryLocation</xref> (1..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				&quot;Indicates the healthcare facility to which the patient was discharged and the date.&quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, PV1-37
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

</simpletable>

</section>




</body>
</topic>
