<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="DrugUseEvaluation" xml:lang="en-us">
<title id="title">DrugUseEvaluation</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc">
</shortdesc>
<body id="body" >



<section id="description" audience="developer, modeler, sme">
  <title>Description</title>
	<p>This class represents the results of a Drug Use Evaluation (DUE) or a Drug Utilization Review (DUR).  If a prescriber or pharmacy has determined that the patient is on another medication that can interact with the drug associated with the current order, this class can communicate what the problem is, and what the co-agent(s) are.  A DUR tends to be after the fact, while DUE tends to be before the fact, but basically the processes and the information captured are similar.</p>


	
<simpletable>
 <sthead>
  <stentry>Content</stentry>
  <stentry>Description</stentry>
 </sthead>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>adverseEffectMitigation :  <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>dateTime :  <xref href="../t_PointInTime.dita" >PointInTime</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>professionalServiceCode :  <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Categorizes the action taken by a pharmacist or prescriber in response to a conflict or the result of a pharmacist&apos;s professional service.</p><p>&quot;Action taken by a pharmacist or prescriber in response to a conflict or the result of a pharmacist&apos;s professional service.&quot; - NCPDP Telecommunication (Field 441-E6, Data Dictionary 201104)</p><p>&quot;Action taken in response to a conflict.&quot; - NCPDP Script (Field 7882, Data Dictionary 201104)
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>reasonForService :  <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Categorizes the type of drug utilization conflict detected by the prescriber or the pharmacist or the reason for the pharmacist&apos;s professional service.  Examples include: Drug-Drug Interaction, Dose Range Conflict, Ingredient Duplication, etc.</p><p>&quot;Code identifying the type of utilization conflict detected by the prescriber or the pharmacist or the reason for the pharmacist s professional service.&quot; - NCPDP Telecommunication (Field 439-E4, Data Dictionary 201104).</p><p>&quot;For further explanation, conflict, or clarification of services related to drug use evaluation.... Code identifying the type of conflict detected.  When this composite is used, DUE Reason For Service Code is mandatory.&quot; - NCPDP Script (Field 7880, Data Dictionary 201104).
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>serviceResultCode :  <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				&quot;Action taken by a pharmacist or prescriber in response to a conflict or the result of a pharmacist&#8217;s professional service.&quot; - NCPDP Telecommunication (Field 441-E6, Data Dictionary 201104).</p><p>&quot;Action taken in response to a conflict.&quot; - NCPDP Script (Field 7992, Data Dictionary 201104)
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

 <strow>
  <stentry><p>author : <xref href="../t_Author.dita" >Author</xref> (0..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>coAgent : <xref href="../t_CoAgent.dita" >CoAgent</xref> (0..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				&quot;Identifies the co-existing agent contributing to the DUR event (drug or disease conflicting with the prescribed drug or prompting pharmacist professional service).&quot; - NCPDP Telecommunication (Field 476-H6, Data Dictionary 201104).</p><p>&quot;Identifies the co-existing agent contributing to the DUR event (drug or disease) conflicting with the prescribed drug.&quot; - NCPDP Script (Field 7883, Data Dictionary 201104)
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>primaryPerformer : <xref href="../t_PrimaryPerformer.dita" >PrimaryPerformer</xref> (0..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

</simpletable>

</section>




</body>
</topic>
