<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="Employee" xml:lang="en-us">
<title id="title">Employee</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc">
</shortdesc>
<body id="body" >



<section id="description" audience="developer, modeler, sme">
  <title>Description</title>
	<p>This class represents information about a person while in the role of an employee of some organization.</p>


	
<simpletable>
 <sthead>
  <stentry>Content</stentry>
  <stentry>Description</stentry>
 </sthead>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>employeeId : <xref href="../t_Id.dita" >Id</xref> (0..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				&quot;The number that the employer assigns to the employee that is acting as next of kin/associated parties. However, if the contact role is the patient&apos;s employer, this field contains the employee number of the patient at their place of employment.&quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, NK1-12.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>employmentDuration : <xref href="../t_TimeInterval.dita" >TimeInterval</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The date range during which a person is an employee in a given employment relationship.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>employmentStatus : <xref href="../t_String.dita" >String</xref> (0..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The status of the employment relationship; e.g., Temporary, Permanent, Etc.</p><p>&quot;The next of kin/associated party&apos;s job status.&quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, NK1-34. Possible values include (from HL7 Table 311): Permanent; Temporary; Other; Unknown.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>jobCategory : <xref href="../t_CodeWithOriginalText.dita" >CodeWithOriginalText</xref> (0..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				&quot;The employer&apos;s job code and the employee classification used for the next of kin/associated parties at their place of employment. However, if the contact role is the patient&apos;s employer, this field contains the job code/class of the patient at their place of employment.&quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, NK1-11.</p><p></p><p>Note: We are not sure how this differs from Occupation.  They might be the same concept.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>jobTitle : <xref href="../t_String.dita" >String</xref> (0..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				&apos;The title of the job held, for example, Vice President, Senior Technical Analyst. This is a local name for the employee&apos;s occupation that doesn&apos;t necessarily correspond to any scheme for categorizing occupation.&apos; (HL7 v3)</p><p>&quot;The title of the next of kin/associated parties at their place of employment.  However, if the contact role is the patient&apos;s employer, this field contains the job title of the patient at their place of employment.&quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, NK1-10.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>occupation : <xref href="../t_CodeWithOriginalText.dita" >CodeWithOriginalText</xref> (0..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				&quot;A value that qualifies the classification of &apos;kind-of-work&apos; based upon a recognized industry or jurisdictional standard.&quot; - HL7 Version 3 RIM.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>workAddress : <xref href="../t_Address.dita" >Address</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The person&apos;s office address.  First choice for business related contacts during business hours.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>workPhone : <xref href="../t_Telecommunications.dita" >Telecommunications</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The person&apos;s office telephone number.  First choice for business related contacts during business hours.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

 <strow>
  <stentry><p>employer : <xref href="../t_Employer.dita" >Employer</xref> (1..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				A person or business that employs one or more people, especially for wages or salary.</p><p>&quot;The name of the organization that serves as a next of kin/associated party or as the next of kin of the patient.  This field may also be used to communicate the name of the organization at which the associated party works.&quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, NK1-13.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

</simpletable>

</section>




</body>
</topic>
