<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="FHIMCarePlanCareBarrier" xml:lang="en-us">
<title id="title">CareBarrier</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc">
</shortdesc>
<body id="body" >

<section id="generalizations"  audience="developer, modeler">
  <title>Hierarchy</title>
	CareBarrier is a kind of <xref href="../t_FHIMCommonClinicalInformationAbstract.dita">ClinicalInformation(Abstract)</xref>	
</section>





<section id="description" audience="developer, modeler, sme">
  <title>Description</title>
	<p>An impediment which may reduce or block quality of care and/or increase cost, and which may hinder the achievement of the goal(s).</p><p>&quot;A barrier impacts specific interventions or other plan activities and may necessitate their modification. Barriers are situations outside the health care system which nonetheless reduce or block quality of care and also increase cost. Barrier may also impact on goals achievement if modifications to interventions cannot effectively overcome identified barriers.&quot; - HL7 Care Plan Domain Analysis Model.</p>


	
<simpletable>
 <sthead>
  <stentry>Content</stentry>
  <stentry>Description</stentry>
 </sthead>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>category :  String (1..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				&quot;Names or describes what the barrier is&quot; - HL7 Care Plan Domain Analysis Model.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>comment :  String (0..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				&quot;Free form comments related to the barrier&quot; - HL7 Care Plan Domain Analysis Model.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>effectiveDate :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesPointInTime.dita" >PointInTime</xref> (1..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				&quot;The date/time the barrier was identified&quot; - HL7 Care Plan Domain Analysis Model.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>resolvedDate :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesPointInTime.dita" >PointInTime</xref> (0..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				&quot;The date/time when the barrier is either resolved or an acceptable alternative is found.&quot; - HL7 Care Plan Domain Analysis Model.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>


</simpletable>

</section>




</body>
</topic>
