<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="FHIMAllergiesIntoleranceCondition" xml:lang="en-us">
<title id="title">IntoleranceCondition</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc">
</shortdesc>
<body id="body" >

<section id="generalizations"  audience="developer, modeler">
  <title>Hierarchy</title>
	IntoleranceCondition is a kind of <xref href="../t_FHIMHealthConcernHealthConcern.dita">HealthConcern</xref>	
</section>





<section id="description" audience="developer, modeler, sme">
  <title>Description</title>
	<p>Describes an observation of an &quot;Intolerance Condition&quot; of the Patient.  Intolerance Conditions are typically allergies, but the concept of an intolerance condition is broader than just allergies.  For example, an adverse reaction such as the patient becomes nauseous after taking a particular antibiotic is not an allergy, but may serve as a contra-indicator to the use of that antibiotic.  In general, Intolerance Conditions as caused by Food, Drugs, or some environmental factor such as mold, insect venom (i.e., bee stings), or pet dander.</p>


	
<simpletable>
 <sthead>
  <stentry>Content</stentry>
  <stentry>Description</stentry>
 </sthead>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>alertDevice :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesCode.dita" >Code</xref> (0..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				&quot;Describes any type of allergy alert device the patient may be carrying or wearing.&quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, IAM-16.  HL7 Version 2 has the following suggested values (table 437): Bracelet; Necklace; Wallet Card.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>criticality :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesCode.dita" >Code</xref> (0..1)</p> 
<p>See <xref href="../t_fhimvocabAllergyVocabAllergyIntoleranceCriticality.dita">AllergyIntoleranceCriticality</xref> definition for values.</p>


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Provides an indication of the seriousness or intensity of a reaction that the patient would be expected to experience upon a further exposure to the Reactant.</p><p></p><p>&quot;Indicates the general severity of the allergy&quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, AL1-4, IAM-4, and IAR-2.  HL7 Version 2 has the following suggested values (table 128): Severe; Moderate; Mild; Unknown.</p><p>&quot;Estimate of the potential clinical harm, or seriousness, of the reaction to the identified Substance.&quot; - HL7 FHIR AllergyIntolerance.criticality</p><p></p><p>The Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE) has the following values:</p><p>Grade 1: Mild; asymptomatic or mild symptoms; clinical or diagnostic observations only; intervention not indicated.</p><p>Grade 2: Moderate; minimal, local or noninvasive intervention indicated; limiting age-appropriate instrumental ADL*.</p><p>Grade 3: Severe or medically significant but not immediately life-threatening; hospitalization or prolongation of hospitalization indicated; disabling; limiting self care ADL**.</p><p>Grade 4: Life-threatening consequences; urgent intervention indicated.</p><p>Grade 5: Death related to AE.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>intoleranceCategory :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesCode.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 
<p>See <xref href="../t_fhimvocabAllergyVocabIntoleranceCategoryHITSP.dita">IntoleranceCategory(HITSP)</xref> definition for values.</p>


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Provides a categorization of the Intolerance Condtion.  Possible values are members of the SNOMED Allergy Event value set.  This property is required for Meaningful Use.</p><p></p><p>&quot;Indicates a general allergy category (drug, food, pollen, etc.).&quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, AL1-2 and IAM-2.  HL7 Version 2 has the following suggested values (table 127): Drug allergy; Food allergy; Miscellaneous allergy; Miscellaneous contraindication; Environmental Allergy; Animal Allergy; Plant Allergy; Pollen Allergy.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>isAbsolutelyContraIndicated :  Boolean (1..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>lastOccurrence :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesPointInTime.dita" >PointInTime</xref> (1..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				&quot;Represents the date and/or time of the last known occurence of a reaction event.&quot; - HL7 FHIR, AllergyIntolerance.lastOccurence.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>mechanism :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesCode.dita" >Code</xref> (0..1)</p> 
<p>See <xref href="../t_fhimvocabAllergyVocabMechanism.dita">Mechanism</xref> definition for values.</p>


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Categorizes whether the underlying process (mechanism) of the Intolerance Condition is an Immunoglobulin-E (IgE)-mediated response, an exepected response to a pharmacologic substance, or unknown.    Allergy:  An allergy reaction must have symptoms (reaction) consistent with an actual allergy - rash, hives, severe swelling, redness, itchiness, difficulty breathing (due to swelling around breathing areas), etc.    Pharmacologic:  A pharmacologic reaction is an adverse event rather then an allergy.  It is a reaction based on the pharmacologic properties of the drug and has to do with a reaction that can be expected due to the pharmacologic activity of the drug. It can occur when the patient takes the right amount or an amount greater or less than the recommended doses.  Some examples are: an antidiarrheal agent (like Immodium) causing constipation, a laxative causing diarrhea, a beta blocker causing bradycardia (slow heart rate), furosemide (a diuretic) causing excessive urination, or a blood pressure medication causing low blood pressure (will be fully modeled in a subsequent phase).    Unknown:  An unknown reaction is a reaction experienced by the patient that cannot be explained by either of the other two mechanisms, for example, eating a pear and developing a cough or taking a blood pressure medication and developing right elbow pain. This type of reaction is consistent, disappears upon withdrawing the agent, and reappears when the agent or food item is restarted/eaten again.</p><p></p><p>&quot;Contains the reason why the patient should not be exposed to a substance.&quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, IAM-9 and IAR-3.  HL7 Version 2 has the following suggested values (table 436): Adverse Reaction (Not otherwise classified); Allergy; Contraindication; Intolerance; Side Effect.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>reactant :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesCode.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 
<p>See <xref href="../t_fhimvocabAllergyVocabReactant.dita">Reactant</xref> definition for values.</p>


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Identifies the substance to which the patient has an intolerance or allergy.  The reactant will point to a value set, which will be a superset of valuesets for Drug Product, Drug Class, Ingredient, Food Product, and Environmental reactants.</p><p></p><p>&quot;Uniquely identifies a particular allergen.&quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, AL1-3 and IAM-3</p><p>&quot;Identifies the specific allergic reaction that was documented.&quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, IAR-1.</p><p>&quot;Identification of a substance, or a class of substances, that is considered to be responsible for the Adverse reaction risk.&quot; - HL7 FHIR AllergyIntolerance.substance
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>reactantCategory :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesCode.dita" >Code</xref> (1..*)</p> 
<p>See <xref href="../t_fhimvocabAllergyVocabAllergyIntoleranceCategory.dita">AllergyIntoleranceCategory</xref> definition for values.</p>


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Categorizes the reactant to which the patient has demonstrated an intolerance or an allergy.  Possible values include Drug Product, Drug Class, Ingredient, Food Product, and Environmental.  Note that this property may contain more than one value.</p><p>&quot;Category of the identified Substance.&quot; - HL7 FHIR, AllergyIntolerance.category.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

 <strow>
  <stentry><p>reaction : <xref href="../t_FHIMAllergiesReactionObservation.dita" >ReactionObservation</xref> (0..*)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Pointer to a set of Observation(s) of any adverse physiological response(s) attributed to the exposure of the Patient to the given substance.</p><p>&quot;Reactions associated with the sensitivity.&quot; - HL7 FHIR Allergy resource.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>sensitivityTest : <xref href="../t_FHIMAllergiesSensitivityTest.dita" >SensitivityTest</xref> (0..*)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Pointer to a set of Observation(s) (i.e., tests) performed in order to confirm (or refute) the sensitivity, and/or to determine the mechanism of the sensitivity.</p><p>&quot;Observations that confirm or refute the sensitivity.&quot; - HL7 FHIR Allergy resource.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

</simpletable>

</section>




</body>
</topic>
