<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="FHIMCarePlan" xml:lang="en-us">
<title id="title">CarePlan</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc">
</shortdesc>
<body id="body" >


<section id="description" audience="developer, modeler, sme">
  <title>Description</title>
	<p>A note on commonly used terms that often mean different things in different settings:</p><p></p><p>In the VA/DoD, a CARE manager manages an episode of care, while a CASE manager manages across episodes of care.</p><p>In many commercial settings, CARE managers have the same viewpoint, but additionally coordinate benefits in order to stabilize and improve the health status of the patient.</p><p>UTILIZATION managers tend to look at each benefit request separately.</p>

	<p>A care plan is a planning and coordination tool to assist in delivery of integrated/collaborative care by a health care team within which the patient is the center of the team. A care plan supports the inclusion of health concerns and risks, health goals, care preferences and barriers, interventions, and iterative reviews during the planning and implementation phases of collaborative care. The care plan also supports communication of the whole, or parts of the plan, acceptance (or not) of the plan, and synchronization or reconciliation of multiple plans.</p><p></p><p>This package describes the information classes required to define and document a care plan over time.  It is based on the HL7 Care Plan Domain Analysis Model (DAM) Release 1 balloted in May 2014.</p>

	<p>Note that this is a subclass of Observation (which is not shown in this diagram in order to reduce clutter). See the classs definition for more details.</p>

	<p>NOTICE: All Acts and Observations in this package are subtypes of Clinical Information. This is not shown in the diagram to avoid clutter.</p><p>As a consequence of this, all classes potentially have recursive relationships to themselves and include provenance. Please see the Clinical Information model in the Common package for more details</p>

	<p>In the future, we might include an indication of the degree to which the Care Intervention conforms to the applicable Guideline(s)</p>

	<p>Resource Allocation is included for compatibility with the HL7 DAM, but is considered a separate process from Care Planning, and would therefore likely be in a different domain in the FHIM.</p>

</section>







</body>
</topic>
