<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="FHIMAdverseEventReportingSender" xml:lang="en-us">
<title id="title">Sender</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc">
</shortdesc>
<body id="body" >






<section id="description" audience="developer, modeler, sme">
  <title>Description</title>
	<p>The person and/or organization that sent the ICSR.  From ICH E2B(R3), C.3.</p>


	
<simpletable>
 <sthead>
  <stentry>Content</stentry>
  <stentry>Description</stentry>
 </sthead>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>address :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesAddress.dita" >Address</xref> (0..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The address of the person or organization who sent the ICSR. From ICH E2B(R3), C.3.4.1 - C.3.4.5.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>category :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesCode.dita" >Code</xref> (0..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				&quot;Captures the type of sender organisation or individual.&quot; - ICH E2B(R3), C.3.1.  Possible values include: Pharmaceutical Company; Regulatory Authority; Health Professional; Regional Pharmacovigilance Centre; WHO collaborating centres for international drug monitoring; Other (e.g. distributor or other organisation); Patient/Consumer.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>departmentName :  String (0..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The name of the organizational department (if any) under whose auspices the ICSR was sent. From ICH E2B(R3), C.3.3.1.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>email :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesContactPoint.dita" >ContactPoint</xref> (0..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The email address of the person or organization who sent the ICSR. From ICH E2B(R3), C.3.4.8.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>fax :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesContactPoint.dita" >ContactPoint</xref> (0..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The facsimile number of the person or organization who sent the ICSR. From ICH E2B(R3), C.3.4.7.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>isPrimarySource :  Boolean (0..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				&quot;Identifies which primary source to use for regulatory purposes and in case of multiple sources, it identifies the source of the World Wide Case Unique Identification number; this source should identify where the case occurred.&quot; - ICH E2B(R3), C.2.r.5.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>name :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesPersonName.dita" >PersonName</xref> (1..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				&quot;The name of person in the company or agency who is responsible for the authorisation of report dissemination. This would usually be the same person who signs the covering memo for paper submissions.&quot; - ICH E2B(R3), C.3.3.1 - C.3.3.5.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>organizationName :  String (0..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The name of the organization (e.g., company name or regulatory authority name) under whose auspices the ICSR was sent. From ICH E2B(R3), C.3.2.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>phone :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesContactPoint.dita" >ContactPoint</xref> (0..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The telephone number of the person or organization who sent the ICSR. From ICH E2B(R3), C.3.4.6.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>


</simpletable>

</section>




</body>
</topic>
