<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="FHIMVitalSignsBloodPressureBloodPressureCuffSizeQualifier" xml:lang="en-us">
<title id="title">BloodPressureCuffSizeQualifier</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc">
</shortdesc>
<body id="body" >

<section id="generalizations"  audience="developer, modeler">
  <title>Hierarchy</title>
	BloodPressureCuffSizeQualifier is a kind of <xref href="../t_FHIMClinicalObservationObservationQualifier.dita">ObservationQualifier</xref>	
</section>





<section id="description" audience="developer, modeler, sme">
  <title>Description</title>
	<p>The most common method of measuring blood pressure involves the use of an inflatable (Riva-Rocci) cuff to constrict the blood flow during measurement.  These cuffs are designed to operate on a specific range of body-part (e.g., arm, thigh) circumferences.  Occasionally a cuff is used that is not of the ideal size for the given patient (i.e., the patient may be an infant or an obese adult), usually because the appropriate sized cuff is not available.  The use of a non-ideal sized cuff may result in an inaccurate reading, and therefore must be noted.  This class represents an observation of the cuff size that was used to obtain the Blood Pressure measurement.</p>


	
<simpletable>
 <sthead>
  <stentry>Content</stentry>
  <stentry>Description</stentry>
 </sthead>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>observedCharacteristic :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesCode.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				This property defines what was observed that &#8220;qualifies&#8221; the primary, or &#8220;owning&#8221; Observation.  This property defines what was observed by citing a value from a nationally recognized coding system.  In this case, the value will hard-coded to a LOINC or SNOMED code that represents the concept of Cuff Size.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>value :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesCode.dita" >Code</xref> (0..1)</p> 
<p>See <xref href="../t_fhimvocabVitalSignsVocabBloodPressureCuffSize.dita">BloodPressureCuffSize</xref> definition for values.</p>


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				This property contains the result, or value of the qualifying Observation.  In the generic Observation Qualifier class, the data type for this property can be anything.  In this sub-type, the value is constrained to be one of a set of codes from the SNOMED-CT coding system that represent cuff sizes that are used for a Blood Pressure measurement.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>


</simpletable>

</section>




</body>
</topic>
