<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="FHIMVitalSignsBloodPressureSystolicBloodPressureObservation" xml:lang="en-us">
<title id="title">SystolicBloodPressureObservation</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc">
</shortdesc>
<body id="body" >

<section id="generalizations"  audience="developer, modeler">
  <title>Hierarchy</title>
	SystolicBloodPressureObservation is a kind of <xref href="../t_FHIMVitalSignsBloodPressureAbstractBloodPressureObservation.dita">AbstractBloodPressureObservation</xref>	
</section>





<section id="description" audience="developer, modeler, sme">
  <title>Description</title>
	<p>&#8220;Blood pressure (BP) is the pressure exerted by circulating blood upon the walls of blood vessels and is one of the principal vital signs. When used without further specification, &quot;blood pressure&quot; usually refers to the arterial pressure of the systemic circulation, usually measured at a person&apos;s upper arm. A person&#8217;s blood pressure is usually expressed in terms of the systolic (maximum) pressure over diastolic (minimum) pressure&#8221;&#8211; Wikipedia.</p><p>This class represents the measurement (or &#8220;clinical observation&#8221;) of the patient&#8217;s Systolic Blood Pressure, which is the maximum pressure exerted by circulating blood upon the walls of blood vessels during the heart&#8217;s pumping phase.  This class also re-defines the generic clinical Observation class to fix the observed characteristic to LOINC 8680-6.</p>


	
<simpletable>
 <sthead>
  <stentry>Content</stentry>
  <stentry>Description</stentry>
 </sthead>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>observedCharacteristic :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesCode.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				This property defines what was observed by using a value from a nationally recognized coding system.  In this case, we&#8217;re stating that the concept being observed is the Systolic Blood Pressure, which is LOINC 8680-6.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>value :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesQuantity.dita" >Quantity</xref> (1..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				This property contains the result, or value of the clinical Observation.  In the generic clinical Observation class, the data type for this property can be anything.  Blood Pressure is generally expressed in terms of millimeters of mercury (mmHg).  Therefore, this property has been re-defined to constrain the data type to be a Physical Quantity.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>


</simpletable>

</section>




</body>
</topic>
