<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="FHIMImmunizationExemption" xml:lang="en-us">
<title id="title">Exemption</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc">
</shortdesc>
<body id="body" >






<section id="description" audience="developer, modeler, sme">
  <title>Description</title>
	<p>This class is a record of an assertion by the patient, the patient guardian, or someone else in authority that the medication should not be administered.  Examples include a parent refusing an immunization for their child based on religious beliefs.</p>


	
<simpletable>
 <sthead>
  <stentry>Content</stentry>
  <stentry>Description</stentry>
 </sthead>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>dateAsserted :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesPointInTime.dita" >PointInTime</xref> (1..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The date that the assertion was made.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>effectiveTime :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesTimeInterval.dita" >TimeInterval</xref> (1..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The date range during which the exemption is valid.  Note that the start date may differ from the date asserted, although they typically will be the same.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>id :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesId.dita" >Id</xref> (0..*)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Uniquely identifies the Exemption.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>reason :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesCode.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 
<p>See <xref href="../t_fhimvocabImmunizationVocabSubstanceRefusalReasonexcludingotherFHIM.dita">Substance Refusal Reason excluding 'other' (FHIM)</xref> definition for values.</p>


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Indicates the basis for the Exemption.</p><p>&quot;Contains the reason the patient refused the medical substance/treatment.  Any entry in the field indicates that the patient did not take the substance.&quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, RXA-18
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>remarks :  String (0..*)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Any comments concerning the Exemption.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

 <strow>
  <stentry><p>issuedBy : <xref href="../t_FHIMProviderIndividualProvider.dita" >IndividualProvider</xref> (0..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Indicates the practitioner who issued the exemption.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

</simpletable>

</section>




</body>
</topic>
