<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="FHIMEncounterServiceEpisode" xml:lang="en-us">
<title id="title">ServiceEpisode</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc">
</shortdesc>
<body id="body" >






<section id="description" audience="developer, modeler, sme">
  <title>Description</title>
	<p>&quot;...a Service Episode is the context in which the treatment or management of an arbitrary subset of a Patient s medical conditions occurs. The definition of the start time, stop time, and included events of a Service Episode is entirely arbitrary; it may include a single outpatient visit or a hospitalization, or extend over significant period of time, e.g., the duration of a pregnancy, or an oncology treatment regimen, or a cardiac episode from infarction through rehabilitation. A Service Episode may involve one or more Healthcare Organizations.&quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, PV1-53    A collection of encounters that can be clustered based on a common clinically relevant factor such as the provider, diagnosis, health factor, or long-term problem. </p>


	
<simpletable>
 <sthead>
  <stentry>Content</stentry>
  <stentry>Description</stentry>
 </sthead>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>description :  String (1..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				&quot;A brief user-defined description of a Service Episode in or for which the visit occurs.  A Service Episode is the context in which the treatment or management of an arbitrary subset of a Patient s medical conditions occurs. The definition of the start time, stop time, and included events of a Service Episode is entirely arbitrary; it may include a single outpatient visit or a hospitalization, or extend over significant period of time, e.g., the duration of a pregnancy, or an oncology treatment regimen, or a cardiac episode from infarction through rehabilitation. A Service Episode may involve one or more Healthcare Organizations.&quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, PV1-53
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>duration :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesTimeInterval.dita" >TimeInterval</xref> (1..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				&quot;The time interval starting with the administrative onset of the encounter (e.g. admission, registration, patient arrival) and ending with the patient&apos;s departure (e.g. discharge).&quot; - HL7 V3  This is the start and end date/times of the Service Episode.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>serviceEpisodeId :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesId.dita" >Id</xref> (1..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				&quot;Contains the identifier of a Service Episode in or for which the visit occurs.&quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, PV1-54    This field contains the unique identification number for this episode of care. This field associates the current encounter with a parent encounter.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

 <strow>
  <stentry><p>abstractEncounter : <xref href="../t_FHIMEncounterAbstractEncounter.dita" >AbstractEncounter</xref> (0..*)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>careProtocol : <xref href="../t_FHIMEncounterCareProtocol.dita" >CareProtocol</xref> (0..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				TA proposed or tentative course of action for the maintenance and restoration of health by the treatment and prevention of disease by trained and licensed professionals.  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>diagnosisRelatedGroup : <xref href="../t_FHIMEncounterDiagnosisGroupingEvent.dita" >DiagnosisGroupingEvent</xref> (0..*)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Provides the diagnosis grouping for the diagnosis/s provide for the patients visit
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

</simpletable>

</section>




</body>
</topic>
