<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="FHIMPersonContactParty" xml:lang="en-us">
<title id="title">ContactParty</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc">
</shortdesc>
<body id="body" >






<section id="description" audience="developer, modeler, sme">
  <title>Description</title>
	<p>The person who should be contacted on the patients behalf under specified situations.</p>


	
<simpletable>
 <sthead>
  <stentry>Content</stentry>
  <stentry>Description</stentry>
 </sthead>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>contactCategory :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesCode.dita" >Code</xref> (0..1)</p> 
<p>See <xref href="../t_fhimvocabPersonVocabContactTypeValueSet.dita">Contact Type Value Set</xref> definition for values.</p>


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Indicates the circumstances under which this person is the contact party for the person identified in the owning Person class.</p><p>&quot;Indicates the specific relationship role....  This field specifies the role that the next of kin/associated parties plays with regard to the patient.&quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, NK1-7.  See HL7 Table 131 for suggested values.</p><p>&quot;The nature of the relationship between the patient and the contact person.&quot; - HL7 FHIR, Patient.contact.relationship.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>contactReason :  String (0..*)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				&quot;Identifies how the contact should be used (e.g., contact employer if patient is unable to work).&quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, NK1-29.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>effectiveDateRange :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesTimeInterval.dita" >TimeInterval</xref> (0..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The date range during which this person is a contact party for the patient.</p><p>&quot;The start date of the contact role.&quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, NK1-8.</p><p>&quot;The end date of the contact role.&quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, NK1-9.</p><p>&quot;The period during which this contact person or organization is valid to be contacted relating to this patient.&quot; - HL7 FHIR, Patient.contact.period.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>isPrimaryContact :  Boolean (0..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Indicates whether this person is the primary one to contact.  Added for MyHealtheVet.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

 <strow>
  <stentry><p>asPerson : <xref href="../t_FHIMPersonPerson.dita" >Person</xref> (1..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				A pointer to a Person who is acting in the Role of ContactParty.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

</simpletable>

</section>




</body>
</topic>
