<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="FHIMPersonLanguageCapability" xml:lang="en-us">
<title id="title">LanguageCapability</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc">
</shortdesc>
<body id="body" >






<section id="description" audience="developer, modeler, sme">
  <title>Description</title>
	<p>The language communication capabilities for a Person.</p>


	
<simpletable>
 <sthead>
  <stentry>Content</stentry>
  <stentry>Description</stentry>
 </sthead>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>isPreferred :  Boolean (0..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Specifies whether or not the language is preferred by the person for the associated method of expression.</p><p>&quot;Indicates whether or not the Patient prefers this language (over other languages he masters up a certain level).&quot; - HL7 FHIR, Patient.communication.preferred.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>language :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesCode.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				A language for which the Person has some level of proficiency for written or spoken communication.</p><p>&quot;The patient&apos;s primary language.  HL7 recommends using ISO table 639&quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, PID-15.</p><p>&quot;The next of kin/associated party&apos;s primary speaking language.&quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, NK1-20.</p><p>&quot;The ISO-639-1 alpha 2 code in lower case for the language, optionally followed by a hyphen and the ISO-3166-1 alpha 2 code for the region in upper case. E.g. &quot;en&quot; for English, or &quot;en-US&quot; for American English versus &quot;en-EN&quot; for England English.&quot; - HL7 FHIR, Patient.communication.language.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>methodOfExpression :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesCode.dita" >Code</xref> (0..1)</p> 
<p>See <xref href="../t_fhimvocabPersonVocabLanguageAbilityModeValueSet.dita">LanguageAbilityMode Value Set</xref> definition for values.</p>


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The means by which the person is capable of communicating in the language.  Examples of method of expression would be written and spoken.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>proficiencyLevel :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesCode.dita" >Code</xref> (0..1)</p> 
<p>See <xref href="../t_fhimvocabPersonVocabHL7_LanguageAbilityProficiency.dita">HL7_LanguageAbilityProficiency</xref> definition for values.</p>


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				&quot;A value representing the level of proficiency in a language.&quot; - HL7 V3.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>


</simpletable>

</section>




</body>
</topic>
