<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="FHIMVitalSignsHeightHeightObservation" xml:lang="en-us">
<title id="title">HeightObservation</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc">
</shortdesc>
<body id="body" >

<section id="generalizations"  audience="developer, modeler">
  <title>Hierarchy</title>
	HeightObservation is a kind of <xref href="../t_FHIMClinicalObservationObservation.dita">Observation</xref>	
</section>





<section id="description" audience="developer, modeler, sme">
  <title>Description</title>
	<p>&#8220;Human height or stature is the distance from the bottom of the feet to the top of the head, standing erect. &#8230; Growth has long been recognized as a measure of the health of individuals&#8221; &#8211; Wikipedia.</p><p></p><p>This class represents the measurement (or &#8220;clinical observation&#8221;) of the patient&#8217;s Height.  This class re-defines the generic clinical Observation class to fix the observed characteristic to LOINC 8302-2 and to set the data type of the observation value to a Physical Quantity.</p>


	
<simpletable>
 <sthead>
  <stentry>Content</stentry>
  <stentry>Description</stentry>
 </sthead>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>observedCharacteristic :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesCode.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				This property defines what was observed by using a value from a nationally recognized coding system.  In this case, we&#8217;re stating that the concept being observed is the Height, which is LOINC 8302-2.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>value :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesQuantity.dita" >Quantity</xref> (1..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				This property contains the result, or value of the clinical Observation.  In the generic clinical Observation class, the data type for this property can be anything.  Height is expressed in terms of centimeters or inches.  Therefore, this property has been re-defined to constrain the data type to be a Physical Quantity.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>


</simpletable>

</section>




</body>
</topic>
