<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="FHIMImagingClinicalImagingEvent" xml:lang="en-us">
<title id="title">ClinicalImagingEvent</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc">
</shortdesc>
<body id="body" >

<section id="generalizations"  audience="developer, modeler">
  <title>Hierarchy</title>
	ClinicalImagingEvent is a kind of <xref href="../t_FHIMImagingImagingEventAbstract.dita">ImagingEvent(Abstract)</xref>	
</section>





<section id="description" audience="developer, modeler, sme">
  <title>Description</title>
	<p>This class contains attributes related to Radiology \ Nuclear Medicine imaging examinations.  </p>


	
<simpletable>
 <sthead>
  <stentry>Content</stentry>
  <stentry>Description</stentry>
 </sthead>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>status :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesCode.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Indicates the status of this exam.  This should be a code from File 72.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>wasContrastMediaUsed :  Boolean (1..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Indicate if an intravascular contrast was used during this Rad/Nuc Med exam.  Possible values are Yes, No; etc.  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

 <strow>
  <stentry><p>bedSection : <xref href="../t_FHIMProviderServiceDeliveryLocation.dita" >ServiceDeliveryLocation</xref> (1..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>cameraEquipmentRoom : <xref href="../t_FHIMImagingCameraEquipmentRoom.dita" >CameraEquipmentRoom</xref> (1..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The primary camera/equipment/room where the imaging exam was performed. Equivalent to a pointer to File 78.6
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>contrastMediaAdministration : <xref href="../t_FHIMEncounterMedicationAdministrationEvent.dita" >MedicationAdministrationEvent</xref> (0..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Identifies Constrat Media associated with the Examination
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>diagnosis : <xref href="../t_FHIMCommonDiagnosisListEntry.dita" >DiagnosisListEntry</xref> (0..*)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>encounter : <xref href="../t_FHIMEncounterEncounterEvent.dita" >EncounterEvent</xref> (1..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The encounter during which the Radiologic Examination took place.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>principalClinic : <xref href="../t_FHIMProviderServiceDeliveryLocation.dita" >ServiceDeliveryLocation</xref> (1..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Th name of the principal clinic that referred the patient to Radiology/Nuclear Medicine for the exam.  Equivalent to File 44.  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>procedure : <xref href="../t_FHIMCommonProcedureListEntry.dita" >ProcedureListEntry</xref> (0..*)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>radioPharmaceuticalAdministration : <xref href="../t_FHIMImagingRadioPharmaceuticalAdministration.dita" >RadioPharmaceuticalAdministration</xref> (0..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				A radiopharmaceutical associated with this examination should be entered here. Equivalent to a pointer to File 71.  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>report : <xref href="../t_FHIMImagingImageInterpretationReport.dita" >ImageInterpretationReport</xref> (1..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Represents the radiology/nuclear medicine report as known by the originating VistA system.  Equivalent to a pointer to File 74.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>requestingLocation : <xref href="../t_FHIMProviderServiceDeliveryLocation.dita" >ServiceDeliveryLocation</xref> (1..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Th name of the requesting hospital / clinic that that is requesting the exam..  Equivalent to File 44.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>service : <xref href="../t_FHIMProviderServiceDeliveryLocation.dita" >ServiceDeliveryLocation</xref> (1..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Represents the service as known by the originating VistA system.  Equivalent to a pointer to File 49.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>study : <xref href="../t_FHIMImagingStudy.dita" >Study</xref> (0..*)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>ward : <xref href="../t_FHIMProviderServiceDeliveryLocation.dita" >ServiceDeliveryLocation</xref> (1..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Represents the hospital ward as known by the originating VistA system.  Equivalent to a pointer to File 42.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

</simpletable>

</section>




</body>
</topic>
