<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="FHIMDentalDentalTreatmentPlan" xml:lang="en-us">
<title id="title">DentalTreatmentPlan</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc">
</shortdesc>
<body id="body" >






<section id="description" audience="developer, modeler, sme">
  <title>Description</title>
	<p>Includes information related to the dental plan or chart for the patient.  </p>


	
<simpletable>
 <sthead>
  <stentry>Content</stentry>
  <stentry>Description</stentry>
 </sthead>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>dentalAlert :  String (1..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Lists the dental alerts for the patient - e.g. Antibiotic Premed, Sedation Premed, etc.  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>treatmentFlag :  String (1..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Flags for treatment plan  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>treatmentPlanId :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesId.dita" >Id</xref> (1..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				This is the unique identifier of the dental encounter record.  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>treatmentPlanType :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesCode.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Whether the treatment is planned or completed.  Possible values are Planned, Completed etc.  DRM Plus Program Specific.  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>treatmentsInGroup :  Integer (1..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Number of treatments included in this group.  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

 <strow>
  <stentry><p>bedSection : <xref href="../t_FHIMProviderServiceDeliveryLocation.dita" >ServiceDeliveryLocation</xref> (0..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				&quot;A division in a hospital for the care of a particular group of patients&quot;  The American Heritage Stedman&apos;s Medical Dictionary. 
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>dataEnterer : <xref href="../t_FHIMCommonDataEnterer.dita" >DataEnterer</xref> (0..*)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>dentalPatientEncounter : <xref href="../t_FHIMEncounterEncounterEvent.dita" >EncounterEvent</xref> (1..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Dental Patient Encounter - The patient who is the subject of this dental treatment.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>diagnosis : <xref href="../t_FHIMCommonDiagnosis.dita" >Diagnosis</xref> (1..*)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Diagnosis of of a disease or injury.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>division : <xref href="../t_FHIMProviderServiceDeliveryLocation.dita" >ServiceDeliveryLocation</xref> (0..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				An identification of an organization at a location.    
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>lastClassification : <xref href="../t_FHIMDentalDentalClassification.dita" >DentalClassification</xref> (0..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Last dental classification of the patient.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>practitioner : <xref href="../t_FHIMProviderIndividualProvider.dita" >IndividualProvider</xref> (0..*)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>primaryProvider : <xref href="../t_FHIMProviderIndividualProvider.dita" >IndividualProvider</xref> (0..*)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>treatingSpecialty : <xref href="../t_FHIMProviderServiceDeliveryLocation.dita" >ServiceDeliveryLocation</xref> (1..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Provides an indication of the medical specialty of the organization-location.  Examples include Medicine, Surgery, Psychiatry, etc.  Related to the &quot;CDR #&quot; in VHA.  (TreatingSpeciality is a role):
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>treatmentPlanService : <xref href="../t_FHIMDentalTreatmentPlanService.dita" >TreatmentPlanService</xref> (0..*)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

</simpletable>

</section>




</body>
</topic>
