<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="FHIMPersonUSUniformedServicesPerson" xml:lang="en-us">
<title id="title">USUniformedServicesPerson</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc">
</shortdesc>
<body id="body" >






<section id="description" audience="developer, modeler, sme">
  <title>Description</title>
	<p>This class represents information about a person while in the role of a member of the United States Uniformed Services, which includes military and Public Health Service members.</p>


	
<simpletable>
 <sthead>
  <stentry>Content</stentry>
  <stentry>Description</stentry>
 </sthead>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>grade :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesCode.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 
<p>See <xref href="../t_fhimvocabPersonVocabFHIM_USUniformedServiceGrade.dita">FHIM_USUniformedServiceGrade</xref> definition for values.</p>


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				A military, naval, or civil service rank</p><p>&quot;Identifies the military rank/grade of the patient.&quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, PD1-20.</p><p>Possible values (from HL7 Table 141) include: E1...E9; O1...O9; W1...W4.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>militaryStatus :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesCode.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 
<p>See <xref href="../t_fhimvocabPersonVocabFHIM_RoleStatus.dita">FHIM_RoleStatus</xref> definition for values.</p>


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Indicates the latest known state of the USUniformedServicesPerson instance (i.e., the state of association (relationship) between the Person and the Uniformed Service).  Possible values include: Active duty, Reservist, Discharged.</p><p>&quot;This field is defined by CMS or other regulatory agencies.&quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, PD1-21.  Possible values include (from HL7 Table 142): Active duty; Retired; Deceased.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>rank :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesCode.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 
<p>See <xref href="../t_fhimvocabPersonVocabFHIM_USUniformedServiceRank.dita">FHIM_USUniformedServiceRank</xref> definition for values.</p>


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				An official position or grade; e.g., the rank of sergeant.</p><p>&quot;Identifies the military rank/grade of the patient.&quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, PD1-20.</p><p>Possible values include: Sergeant, Captain, etc.  Note that HL7 references a user-defined table (Table 141) which lists possible grades, but not the corresponding ranks.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>uniformedService :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesCode.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 
<p>See <xref href="../t_fhimvocabPersonVocabFHIM_USUniformedService.dita">FHIM_USUniformedService</xref> definition for values.</p>


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Identifies the organization (uniformed service) for which the person holds a uniformed rank.</p><p>&quot;This field is defined by CMS or other regulatory agencies.&quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, PD1-19.</p><p>Possible values include (from HL7 Table 140): US Army; US Navy; US Air Force; US Marine Corps; US Coast Guard; US Public Health Service; National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>


</simpletable>

</section>




</body>
</topic>
