<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="FHIMVitalSignsPatientStateExertionQualifier" xml:lang="en-us">
<title id="title">PatientStateExertionQualifier</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc">
</shortdesc>
<body id="body" >

<section id="generalizations"  audience="developer, modeler">
  <title>Hierarchy</title>
	PatientStateExertionQualifier is a kind of <xref href="../t_FHIMClinicalObservationObservationQualifier.dita">ObservationQualifier</xref>	
</section>





<section id="description" audience="developer, modeler, sme">
  <title>Description</title>
	<p>Heart Rate, Blood Pressure, Respiration, and Blood Oxygen levels naturally vary depending on whether the patient is at rest, or during or shortly after exercise.  This class records an observation of whether the patient was at rest, exercising, or recently had been exercising at the time of the measurement.</p>


	
<simpletable>
 <sthead>
  <stentry>Content</stentry>
  <stentry>Description</stentry>
 </sthead>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>observedCharacteristic :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesCode.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				This property defines what was observed that &#8220;qualifies&#8221; the primary, or &#8220;owning&#8221; Observation.  This property defines what was observed by citing a value from a nationally recognized coding system.  In this case, the value to be hard-coded for Patient Exertion has yet to be determined.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>value :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesCode.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 
<p>See <xref href="../t_fhimvocabVitalSignsVocabPatientMeasurementExertionStatus.dita">PatientMeasurementExertionStatus</xref> definition for values.</p>


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				This property contains the result, or value of the qualifying Observation.  In the generic Observation Qualifier class, the data type for this property can be anything.  In this sub-type, the value is constrained to be one of a set of codes from the SNOMED-CT coding system that indicates whether the patient was resting, exercising, or recently had been exercising.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>


</simpletable>

</section>




</body>
</topic>
