<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="FHIMVitalSignsTemperatureTemperatureObservation" xml:lang="en-us">
<title id="title">TemperatureObservation</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc">
</shortdesc>
<body id="body" >

<section id="generalizations"  audience="developer, modeler">
  <title>Hierarchy</title>
	TemperatureObservation is a kind of <xref href="../t_FHIMClinicalObservationObservation.dita">Observation</xref>	
</section>





<section id="description" audience="developer, modeler, sme">
  <title>Description</title>
	<p>&#8220;Temperature recording gives an indication of core body temperature which is normally tightly controlled (thermoregulation) as it affects the rate of chemical reactions. &#8230; The main reason for checking body temperature is to solicit any signs of systemic infection or inflammation in the presence of a fever (temp &gt; 38.5 &#176;C/101.3 &#176;F or sustained temp &gt; 38 &#176;C/100.4 &#176;F), or elevated significantly above the individual&apos;s normal temperature&#8221; &#8211; Wikipedia.</p><p></p><p>This class represents the measurement (or &#8220;clinical observation&#8221;) of the patient&#8217;s Temperature.  This class re-defines the generic clinical Observation class to fix the observed characteristic to LOINC 8310-5 and to set the data type of the observation value to a Physical Quantity.</p>


	
<simpletable>
 <sthead>
  <stentry>Content</stentry>
  <stentry>Description</stentry>
 </sthead>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>bodySite :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesCode.dita" >Code</xref> (0..1)</p> 
<p>See <xref href="../t_fhimvocabVitalSignsVocabPatientBodyTemperatureMeasurementSite.dita">PatientBodyTemperatureMeasurementSite</xref> definition for values.</p>


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				&#8220;Different parts of the body have different temperatures. Rectal and vaginal measurements taken directly inside the body cavity are typically slightly higher than oral measurements, and oral measurements are somewhat higher than skin measurements. Other places, such as under the arm or in the ear, produce different typical temperatures&#8221; &#8211; Wikipedia.</p><p></p><p>This property contains the code that specifies the anatomical site or system that is the focus of the Observation.  In the generic clinical Observation class, this code is not &#8220;bound&#8221; to a particular value set.  In this class, the property is re-defined to a set of values that are appropriate to Temperature measurements.  These values come from the SNOMED-CT coding system.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>observedCharacteristic :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesCode.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				This property defines what was observed by using a value from a nationally recognized coding system.  In this case, we&#8217;re stating that the concept being observed is the Temperature, which is LOINC 8310-5.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>value :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesQuantity.dita" >Quantity</xref> (1..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				This property contains the result, or value of the clinical Observation.  In the generic clinical Observation class, the data type for this property can be anything.  Temperature is generally expressed in terms of degrees Celsius or degrees Fahrenheit.  Therefore, this property has been re-defined to constrain the data type to be a Physical Quantity.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>


</simpletable>

</section>




</body>
</topic>
