<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="FHIMProviderIndividualProvider" xml:lang="en-us">
<title id="title">IndividualProvider</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc">
</shortdesc>
<body id="body" >

<section id="generalizations"  audience="developer, modeler">
  <title>Hierarchy</title>
	IndividualProvider is a kind of <xref href="../t_FHIMProviderHealthcareProvider.dita">HealthcareProvider</xref>	
</section>



<section id="specializations"  audience="developer, modeler">
	<title>Derivations</title>
	<ul>
<li><xref href="../t_FHIMProviderPharmacist.dita">Pharmacist </xref> is a kind of  IndividualProvider </li>
	</ul>
</section>


<section id="description" audience="developer, modeler, sme">
  <title>Description</title>
	<p>A person who is authorized to provide health care services in the role of practitioner for a health care provider organization.  The role of practitioner includes all functions performed for a health care provider organization in order to provide patient care and treatment.</p>


	
<simpletable>
 <sthead>
  <stentry>Content</stentry>
  <stentry>Description</stentry>
 </sthead>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>mobilePhone :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesContactPoint.dita" >ContactPoint</xref> (1..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				A telecommunication device that moves and stays with its owner. Suitable for urgent matters, the mobile phone is not the first choice for routine business.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>pager :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesContactPoint.dita" >ContactPoint</xref> (1..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				A paging device suitable to solicit a callback or to leave a very short message.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>signatureBlockName :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesPersonName.dita" >PersonName</xref> (1..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Contains the name and title of the Practitioner as they wish it to be displayed with the notation that they signed the document electronically.  For example, a practitioner who routinely uses a nickname for most correspondence would likely want their legal name on the signature block.  In addition, this property would contain the title that they would use when electronically signing a document.  For example, a practitioner may hold multiple titles, but would choose one to be used for signing.  Examples of titles are Chief of Surgery, Dietician, Clinical Pharmacist, etc.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

 <strow>
  <stentry><p>asPerson : <xref href="../t_FHIMPersonPerson.dita" >Person</xref> (1..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Pointer to information about the Person who is playing the Role of Practitioner.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>asPrescribingProvider : <xref href="../t_FHIMProviderPrescibingProvider.dita" >PrescibingProvider</xref> (0..*)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Pointer to information about the Provider applicable to their Role of a Prescribing Provider.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>providerAffiliation : <xref href="../t_FHIMProviderProviderAffiliation.dita" >ProviderAffiliation</xref> (0..*)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Represents information about the association between an Individual Healthcare Provider and an Organizational Healthcare Provider.</p><p>&quot;The list of roles/organizations that the practitioner is associated with.&quot; - HL7 FHIR, Practitioner.practitionerRole.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>providerEducation : <xref href="../t_FHIMProviderProviderEducation.dita" >ProviderEducation</xref> (0..*)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Pointer to the educational experience of an Individual Healthcare Provider.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

</simpletable>

</section>




</body>
</topic>
