<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="FHIMHealthConcernConcernStatusChangeEvent" xml:lang="en-us">
<title id="title">ConcernStatusChangeEvent</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc">
</shortdesc>
<body id="body" >

<section id="generalizations"  audience="developer, modeler">
  <title>Hierarchy</title>
	ConcernStatusChangeEvent is a kind of <xref href="../t_FHIMCommonClinicalInformationAbstract.dita">ClinicalInformation(Abstract)</xref>	
</section>





<section id="description" audience="developer, modeler, sme">
  <title>Description</title>
	<p>This class contains a history of updates to the Health Concern record, and relates the Health Concern record to various encounters over time.</p>


	
<simpletable>
 <sthead>
  <stentry>Content</stentry>
  <stentry>Description</stentry>
 </sthead>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>comment :  String (0..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Remarks concerning the status change.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>entryDate :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesPointInTime.dita" >PointInTime</xref> (1..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The date and time that the Observation/Condition Log Entry record was created.</p><p></p><p>&quot;The date and time that this allergy was last statused by the [Intolerance Condition Log Entry Author] in the [Intolerance Condition Log Entry Service Delivery Location]&quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, IAM-20.</p><p>&quot;The date and time that this allergy was inactivated by the [Intolerance Condition Log Entry Author].&quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, IAM-22.</p><p>&quot;The date and time that this allergy entry was created by the [Intolerance Condition Log Entry Author].&quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, IAM-24.</p><p>&quot;The date and time that this allergy was modified by the [Intolerance Condition Log Entry Author]&quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, IAM-26.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>fromStatus :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesCode.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 
<p>See <xref href="../t_fhimvocabProblemListVocabProblemStatus.dita">ProblemStatus</xref> definition for values.</p>


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Contains the previous status of the Observation/Condition before the change documented by the current instance.  This provides a history of status changes over time.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>reason :  String (0..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Indicates the reason why the status of the associated Observation/Condition record was changed.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>toStatus :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesCode.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 
<p>See <xref href="../t_fhimvocabProblemListVocabProblemStatus.dita">ProblemStatus</xref> definition for values.</p>


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Contains the status of the Observation/Condition as of the entry date.  This provides a history of status changes over time.</p><p>&quot;Contains the current status of the problem at this particular date/time (e.g., active, active-improving, active-stable, active-worsening, inactive, resolved, etc.).&quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, PRB-14.  Note that HL7does not provide any suggested values for this code.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

 <strow>
  <stentry><p>visit : <xref href="../t_FHIMEncounterEncounterEvent.dita" >EncounterEvent</xref> (0..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				&quot;Uniquely identifies the episode of care to which this problem applies.&quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, PRB-5
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

</simpletable>

</section>




</body>
</topic>
