<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="FHIMImmunizationTargetDoseNumber" xml:lang="en-us">
<title id="title">TargetDoseNumber</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc">
</shortdesc>
<body id="body" >






<section id="description" audience="developer, modeler, sme">
  <title>Description</title>
	<p>Each target dose is one step in a patient series.  The target dose links the vaccine dose administered to the series dose that it meets the goals of. A vaccine dose may not meet the goals of a given series dose and therefore be not valid.</p>


	
<simpletable>
 <sthead>
  <stentry>Content</stentry>
  <stentry>Description</stentry>
 </sthead>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>doseNumber :  Integer (1..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Indicates the position in which the dose represented by this class is in the sequence of doses that make up a series of doses prescribed by a vaccination protocol.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>status :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesCode.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 
<p>See <xref href="../t_fhimvocabImmunizationVocabImmunizationTargetDoseFulfillment.dita">Immunization Target Dose Fulfillment</xref> definition for values.</p>


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Indicates the state of the assignment of the patient dose to the vaccine series.  Note that this assignment will likely be accomplished by a Rules Engine evaluating various rules against the actual vaccine administration data to determine whether the vaccination satisfies the requirements of the vaccination series.  Possible values include: Satisfied.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

 <strow>
  <stentry><p>nextDoseForecast : <xref href="../t_FHIMImmunizationImmunizationForecastNextDoseForecast.dita" >NextDoseForecast</xref> (0..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The recommended next dose of a particular vaccine for a given patient.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

</simpletable>

</section>




</body>
</topic>
