<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="FHIMLabAntibioticSensitivityObservationEvent" xml:lang="en-us">
<title id="title">AntibioticSensitivityObservationEvent</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc">
</shortdesc>
<body id="body" >

<section id="generalizations"  audience="developer, modeler">
  <title>Hierarchy</title>
	AntibioticSensitivityObservationEvent is a kind of <xref href="../t_FHIMLabReportableResult.dita">ReportableResult</xref>	
</section>





<section id="description" audience="developer, modeler, sme">
  <title>Description</title>
	<p>This class represents a drug challenge.   A drug challenge tests the susceptibility of a culture of the identified organism to an antibiotic.  Note that the determination whether a microbe is susceptible or resistant to the antibiotic would be reported in the interpretation class, which is inherited from the Reportable Result super type.</p>


	
<simpletable>
 <sthead>
  <stentry>Content</stentry>
  <stentry>Description</stentry>
 </sthead>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>minimumInhibitoryConcentration :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesReal.dita" >Real</xref> (0..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The minimum inhibitory dilution of the serum or body fluid, which inhibits reproduction of the patient&apos;s infecting organism.  Fluid is drawn from the patient who is undergoing antibiotic therapy.  Samples of the fluid is diluted between 1:2 and 1:16 and a sample of the infecting organism is cultured in each of the diluted samples.</p><p>&quot;Contains the value observed by the observation producer....  It is not a required field because some systems will report only the Interpretation Codes.... This field may repeat for multipart, single answer results.&quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, OBX-5.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

 <strow>
  <stentry><p>antibiotic : <xref href="../t_FHIMCommonCommonProductSubstance.dita" >Substance</xref> (1..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Antibiotic: &quot;A substance, such as penicillin or streptomycin, produced by or derived from certain fungi, bacteria, and other organisms, that can destroy or inhibit the growth of other microorganisms.&quot; - The American Heritage Stedman&apos;s Medical Dictionary.  This association identifies the antibiotic substance used to test the degree of susceptibility of the microorganism to that substance.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

</simpletable>

</section>




</body>
</topic>
