<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="FHIMVitalSignsO2SaturationSupplementalOxygenQualifier" xml:lang="en-us">
<title id="title">SupplementalOxygenQualifier</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc">
</shortdesc>
<body id="body" >

<section id="generalizations"  audience="developer, modeler">
  <title>Hierarchy</title>
	SupplementalOxygenQualifier is a kind of <xref href="../t_FHIMClinicalObservationObservationQualifier.dita">ObservationQualifier</xref>	
</section>





<section id="description" audience="developer, modeler, sme">
  <title>Description</title>
	<p>If the patient was receiving supplemental oxygen during the time that the patient&#8217;s blood oxygen saturation level was measured, this class will indicate the amount of supplemental oxygen that the patient was receiving, expressed in liters per minute.  This information is important to know when interpreting the value of the primary observation, that of the patient&#8217;s arterial blood oxygen saturation.</p>


	
<simpletable>
 <sthead>
  <stentry>Content</stentry>
  <stentry>Description</stentry>
 </sthead>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>observedCharacteristic :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesCode.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				This property defines what was observed that &#8220;qualifies&#8221; the primary, or &#8220;owning&#8221; Observation.  This property defines what was observed by citing value from a nationally recognized coding system.  In this case, the value will come from LOINC and will indicate that the qualifying observation is amount of supplementary oxygen that the patient is receiving.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>value :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesRateQuantity.dita" >RateQuantity</xref> (1..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				This property contains the result, or value of the qualifying Observation.  In the generic Observation Qualifier class, the data type for this property can be anything.  Supplemental oxygen is generally expressed in terms of liters (of oxygen flow) per minute.  Therefore, this property has been re-defined to constrain the data type to be a Rate Quantity (where the numerator will contain the number of liters (and the unit of measure will be liters) and the denominator will contain one minute).
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>


</simpletable>

</section>




</body>
</topic>
