<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="FHIMPersonBiologicalEntityAbstract" xml:lang="en-us">
<title id="title">BiologicalEntity(Abstract)</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc">
</shortdesc>
<body id="body" >

<section id="generalizations"  audience="developer, modeler">
  <title>Hierarchy</title>
	BiologicalEntity(Abstract) is a kind of <xref href="../t_FHIMPersonEntityAbstract.dita">Entity(Abstract)</xref>	
</section>



<section id="specializations"  audience="developer, modeler">
	<title>Derivations</title>
	<ul>
<li><xref href="../t_FHIMPersonPerson.dita">Person </xref> is a kind of  BiologicalEntity(Abstract) </li>
<li><xref href="../t_FHIMPersonAnimal.dita">Animal </xref> is a kind of  BiologicalEntity(Abstract) </li>
	</ul>
</section>


<section id="description" audience="developer, modeler, sme">
  <title>Description</title>
	<p>This class represents an organism, whether it is currently alive or not.  This class is equivalent to the HL7 V3 Living Subject class.</p>


	
<simpletable>
 <sthead>
  <stentry>Content</stentry>
  <stentry>Description</stentry>
 </sthead>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>age :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesTimeQuantity.dita" >TimeQuantity</xref> (0..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The length of time that an organism has lived.  Note that this property will typically be derived or calculated as needed, and as such may not always be present as a separate concept.  Added 7/8/10 for vMR.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>ageAtDeath :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesTimeQuantity.dita" >TimeQuantity</xref> (0..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The length of time that a now-deceased organism had lived. Note that this property will typically be derived or calculated as needed, and as such may not always be present as a separate concept. Added 11/23/2010 for Problem List.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>ageGroup :  String (0..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				This is a user-defined property that categorizes a person or animal entity based on their age.  The strata used to classify the entity vary according to the purpose of use, therefore this property is derived and ought never be considered outside the context of the stratification.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>dateOfBirth :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesPointInTime.dita" >PointInTime</xref> (0..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The date and time of the birth or hatching of the living subject.</p><p></p><p>&quot;The patient&apos;s date and time of birth.&quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, PID-7.</p><p>&quot;The next of kin/associated party&apos;s birth date and time.&quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, NK1-16.</p><p>&quot;The birth date for the person.&quot; - HL7 FHIR, Person.birthDate.</p><p>&quot;The date of birth for the individual.&quot; - HL7 FHIR, Patient.birthDate.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>dateOfDeath :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesPointInTime.dita" >PointInTime</xref> (0..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				This property contains the date (and optionally time) that the subject died. If the date of death is known, the isDeceased property should be set to true.  However, in some cases it might only be known that the subject is deceased while the actual date of death might be unknown, so it is possible that the isDeceased property could be true even though this dateOfDeath property is empty.</p><p></p><p>&quot;Contains the date and time at which the patient death occurred.&quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, PID-29.</p><p>&quot;Indicates if the individual is deceased or not.&quot; - HL7 FHIR, Patient.deceased[x].  Note that FHIR has a single concept with a choice of datatypes (dateTime or boolean), thus FHIR handles both the dateOfDeath and isDeceased concepts in a single field.  The FHIM separates these two into separate properties.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>isDeceased :  Boolean (0..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				This property indicates whether or not the subject is deceased.  Among other uses, this field (as an alternative to examining the date of death) is often used to quickly separate living patients from dead ones.  If the date of death is known, this field could be calculated on the basis of whether the date of death is filled in.  However, in some cases it might only be known that the patient is deceased while the actual date of death might be unknown.  Therefore this property is not modeled as a calculated field, but can be manually populated.</p><p></p><p>&quot;Indicates whether the patient is deceased.&quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, PID-30.</p><p>&quot;Indicates if the individual is deceased or not.&quot; - HL7 FHIR, Patient.deceased[x].  Note that FHIR has a single concept with a choice of datatypes (dateTime or boolean), thus FHIR handles both the dateOfDeath and isDeceased concepts in a single field.  The FHIM separates these two into separate properties.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>isOrganDonor :  Boolean (0..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Indicates whether the patient has consented to be an organ donor upon their demise.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>multipleBirthOrder :  Integer (0..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				If the biological entity was born along with other siblings, this property indicates the order the entity was born.  For example, for a set of twins, this property indicates which twin was born first and which was born second.  This property is primarily used to distinguish records for newborn infants who have not yet have been given names.  This property may also be used in research situations to distinguish individuals who were part of a multi-child pregnancy.</p><p>&quot;When a patient was part of a multiple birth, a value (number) indicating the patient&apos;s birth order is entered in this field.&quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, PID-25.</p><p>&quot;Indicates whether the patient is part of a multiple or indicates the actual birth order.&quot; - HL7 FHIR, Patient.multipleBirth[x].  Note that FHIR has a single concept with a choice of datatypes (boolean or integer), thus FHIR handles both the multipleBirthOrder and wasMultipleBirth concepts in a single field.  The FHIM separates these two into separate properties.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>wasMultipleBirth :  Boolean (0..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				This property serves as an indication as to whether the person was born along with other siblings as part of a single pregnancy.  This property is primarily used to distinguish records for newborn infants who have not yet have been given names.  This property may also be used in research situations to distinguish individuals who were part of a multi-child pregnancy.</p><p>&quot;Indicates whether the patient was part of a multiple birth.&quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, PID-24.</p><p>&quot;Indicates whether the patient is part of a multiple or indicates the actual birth order.&quot; - HL7 FHIR, Patient.multipleBirth[x].  Note that FHIR has a single concept with a choice of datatypes (boolean or integer), thus FHIR handles both the multipleBirthOrder and wasMultipleBirth concepts in a single field.  The FHIM separates these two into separate properties.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

 <strow>
  <stentry><p>asPatient : <xref href="../t_FHIMPersonPatient.dita" >Patient</xref> (0..*)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Pointer to the role of a person or animal as a recipient of health care services from a healthcare provider.  Note that if the person or animal is a research subject, a different association (asResearchSubject) is used.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>causeOfDeath : <xref href="../t_FHIMPersonCauseOfDeath.dita" >CauseOfDeath</xref> (0..*)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				A pointer to zero or more Cause Of Death instances that provide information on the condition(s) that caused or contributed to the death of the organism.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

</simpletable>

</section>




</body>
</topic>
