<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="FHIMImaging" xml:lang="en-us">
<title id="title">Imaging</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc">
</shortdesc>
<body id="body" >


<section id="description" audience="developer, modeler, sme">
  <title>Description</title>
	<p>HL7 PR1 segment has: Anesthesiologist, Anesthesology minutes, Surgeon. Procedure Practitioner, Consent, etc</p>

	<p>*Domain scope*</p><p>The imaging domain addresses several overlapping topics. </p><p>It addresses all data captured in the form of image files. This includes files traditionally managed by PACS systems, such as x-rays and mri scans, but it also includes clinical images taken by unregulated devices (a snapshot of a rash; a photocopy of an ECG), as well as scans of non-clinical images such as scans of insurance cards or other forms.</p><p>It does not address activities performed by radiologists that do not result in image artifacts, such as radiation therapy.</p><p></p><p>*Overall Structure*</p><p>An Order or Request results in a Promise, and the Promise results in an Imaging Event. The Imaging Event may be either a Document Imaging Event (images of text or writing) or a Medical Imaging Event (images of biology, whether radiological, white light, or even graphical, e.g., an ECG). Documents have little other structure. Medical image objects reflect the DICOM model hierarchy of study, series, and image. A study is what is ordered. It may consist of series of distinct modality, though it typically contains only one. A series may contain several images, e.g., from different perspectives.</p><p>The study will typically be &quot;read&quot; to generate a report that interprets its contents. </p><p>In some cases, it is desirable to identify parts of a study, or of studies, for a particular purpose. A referral, for instance, may contain studies, but it may also contain a set of references to specific images or views for special attention. Alternatively, such a selection may also serve ancillary purposes, such as teaching, research, or quality review. This case is supported by the Image Object Selection class, a way to aggregate references to study elements for a defined purpose. In addition to the references, it contains a coded concept indicating the purpose of the collection: the value set is taken from DICOM by way of FHIR.</p>

</section>







</body>
</topic>
