<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="FHIMEncounterPatientTransfer" xml:lang="en-us">
<title id="title">PatientTransfer</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc">
</shortdesc>
<body id="body" >






<section id="description" audience="developer, modeler, sme">
  <title>Description</title>
	<p>The act of transferring a patient from one location or responsible organization to another.  Note that a transfer from organization to another will, by definition, trigger a new encounter.  Note that a transfer from one location to another may trigger a new encounter depending on whether the responsible organization has changed.  A movement from one bed within the same ward to another probably will not, but a movement from one ward to another probably would. </p>


	
<simpletable>
 <sthead>
  <stentry>Content</stentry>
  <stentry>Description</stentry>
 </sthead>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>category :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesCode.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Categorizes the patient transfer.  Possible values include Admission, Transfer, Discharge, etc.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>id :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesId.dita" >Id</xref> (1..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Uniquely identifies the patient transfer
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>movementDate :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesPointInTime.dita" >PointInTime</xref> (1..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Date of the movement of the patient.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>transferReason :  String (1..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				&quot;Contains the short description of the reason for a patient location change.&quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, PV2-4
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

 <strow>
  <stentry><p>transferFromLocation : <xref href="../t_FHIMProviderServiceDeliveryLocation.dita" >ServiceDeliveryLocation</xref> (1..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				&quot;Contains the prior patient location if the patient is being transferred.  The old location is null if the patient is new.&quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, PV1-6
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>transferToLocation : <xref href="../t_FHIMProviderServiceDeliveryLocation.dita" >ServiceDeliveryLocation</xref> (1..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				&quot;Contains the prior patient location if the patient is being transferred.  The old location is null if the patient is new.&quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, PV1-6
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

</simpletable>

</section>




</body>
</topic>
