<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="FHIMWomensHealthWomensHealthCaseSummary" xml:lang="en-us">
<title id="title">WomensHealthCaseSummary</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc">
</shortdesc>
<body id="body" >






<section id="description" audience="developer, modeler, sme">
  <title>Description</title>
	<p>This class captures pertinent information of women&apos;s health case summarization of a patient for an assigned caseManager.  </p>


	
<simpletable>
 <sthead>
  <stentry>Content</stentry>
  <stentry>Description</stentry>
 </sthead>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>breastCancerFamilyHistory :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesCode.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Indicates whether the patient or the one of the patient&apos;s relatives have had breast cancer.  Possible values include: No family history,  2nd degree relative, 1st degree relative, 3: More than one 1st degree relatives, Personal history, or Unknown.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>breastTreatment :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesCode.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Identifies the current or next breast procedure or treatment recommended for this patient.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>breastTreatmentDate :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesPointInTime.dita" >PointInTime</xref> (1..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The date when the current or next breast procedure or treatment should be completed.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>cervicalTreatment :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesCode.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Identifies the current or next cervical procedure or treatment recommended for this patient.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>cervicalTreatmentDate :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesPointInTime.dita" >PointInTime</xref> (1..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The date when the current or next cervical procedure or treatment should be completed.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>desDaughter :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesCode.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				An indication of whether the patient was exposed to diethylstilbestrol (DES) in utero.  Possible values include: Yes, No, or Unknown.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>estimatedDateOfConfinement :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesPointInTime.dita" >PointInTime</xref> (1..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				An archaic term for the estimated date a baby might be born. It is determined based on the first day of a woman&apos;s last menstruation. See Naegele&apos;s rule.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>historyOfSexualTrauma :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesCode.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Indicates whether the patient has experienced any sexual trauma (rape, sexual assault, etc.) as a civilian.  Possible values include: Yes, No, Declined to answer, Unknown.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>id :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesId.dita" >Id</xref> (1..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Uniquely identifies the summary of the patient&apos;s Women&apos;s Health record.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>isPregnant :  Boolean (1..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Indicates whether the patient is currently pregnant.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>papRegimen :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesCode.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Identifies the current Pap regimen for the patient.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>papRegimenStartDate :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesPointInTime.dita" >PointInTime</xref> (1..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The date on which the patient began or will begin her current PAP regimen.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>remarks :  String (1..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

 <strow>
  <stentry><p>caseManager : <xref href="../t_FHIMCommonResponsibleParty.dita" >ResponsibleParty</xref> (0..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>dataEnterer : <xref href="../t_FHIMCommonDataEnterer.dita" >DataEnterer</xref> (0..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>patient : <xref href="../t_FHIMPersonPatient.dita" >Patient</xref> (1..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Identifies the patient associated with the procedure, notification and/or refusal.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>refusal : <xref href="../t_FHIMWomensHealthWomensHealthPatientRefusal.dita" >WomensHealthPatientRefusal</xref> (0..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Indicates the procedure refused by the patient.  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>womensHealthNotification : <xref href="../t_FHIMWomensHealthWomensHealthPatientNotification.dita" >WomensHealthPatientNotification</xref> (1..*)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Indicates the notification to the patient from the case manager.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>womensHealthProcedure : <xref href="../t_FHIMWomensHealthWomensHealthProcedure.dita" >WomensHealthProcedure</xref> (0..*)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

</simpletable>

</section>




</body>
</topic>
