<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="FHIMDatatypesImage" xml:lang="en-us">
<title id="title">Image</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc">
</shortdesc>
<body id="body" >






<section id="description" audience="developer, modeler, sme">
  <title>Description</title>
	<p>This class represents an Image, particularly but not limited to, diagnostic images. The class may also be used for scanned documents and incoming facsimiles.</p><p>Note that this class is equivalent to a the FHIR Attachment data type.</p>


	
<simpletable>
 <sthead>
  <stentry>Content</stentry>
  <stentry>Description</stentry>
 </sthead>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>contentType :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesCode.dita" >Code</xref> (0..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				&quot;Identifies the type of the data in the attachment and allows a method to be chosen to interpret or render the data. Includes mime type parameters such as charset where appropriate.&quot; - HL7 FHIR, Attachment.contentType.</p><p>The FHIM will likely use the system at OID: 2.16.840.1.113883.5.79.  See the IANA site at: http://www.iana.org/assignments/media-types/media-types.xhtml
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>data :  String (0..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Contains the image itself.  Note that while this property is modeled as a string, this will usually be implemented using a binary representation such as base64.</p><p>&quot;The actual data of the attachment - a sequence of bytes. In XML, represented using base64.&quot; - HL7 FHIR, Attachment.data.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>dateCreated :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesPointInTime.dita" >PointInTime</xref> (0..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				&quot;The date that the attachment was first created.&quot; - HL7 FHIR, Attachment.creation.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>hash :  String (0..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				A hash function is any function that can be used to map data of arbitrary size to data of fixed size.  Note that while this property is modeled as a string, this will usually be implemented using a binary representation such as base64.</p><p>&quot;The calculated hash of the data using SHA-1. Represented using base64.&quot; - HL7 FHIR, Attachment.hash.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>language :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesCode.dita" >Code</xref> (0..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				&quot;The human language of the content. The value can be any valid value according to BCP 47.&quot; - HL7 FHIR, Attachment.language.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>size :  Integer (0..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				&quot;The number of bytes of data that make up this attachment.&quot; - HL7 FHIR, Attachment.size.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>title :  String (0..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				&quot;A label or set of text to display in place of the data.&quot; - HL7 FHIR, Attachment.title.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>url :  String (0..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				&quot;An alternative location where the data can be accessed.&quot; - HL7 FHIR, Attachment.url.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>


</simpletable>

</section>




</body>
</topic>
