<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="FHIMEnrollEligCOBDependent" xml:lang="en-us">
<title id="title">Dependent</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc">
</shortdesc>
<body id="body" >






<section id="description" audience="developer, modeler, sme">
  <title>Description</title>
	<p>This class represents the Role that a Person plays when he or she receives healthcare benefits as a Dependent of someone else who is the named beneficiary of a Health Policy.</p>


	
<simpletable>
 <sthead>
  <stentry>Content</stentry>
  <stentry>Description</stentry>
 </sthead>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>relationshipToPatient :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesCode.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				&quot;Indicates the insured&#8217;s relationship to the patient.&quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, IN1-17.  Note that HL7 identifies a Code Table (Table 63) for this property, which currently contains 32 suggested values.</p><p>&quot;Code indicating relationship of patient to cardholder.&quot; - NCPDP Telecommunication (Field 306-C6, Data Dictionary 201104).  Possible values include: Cardholder; Spouse; Child; Student; Disabled Dependent; Adult Dependent; Significant Other; Not Specified; Other.</p><p>Note also that this property is derived; the value of this code could potentially be discerned by Role Link classes.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

 <strow>
  <stentry><p>subscriber : <xref href="../t_FHIMEnrollEligCOBSubscriber.dita" >Subscriber</xref> (1..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Pointer to (a Role of) the Person who is named as a beneficiary of a Health Policy.  This is the Person of whom the Covered Patient is considered to be a Dependent.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

</simpletable>

</section>




</body>
</topic>
