<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="FHIMDatatypesQuantityRatio" xml:lang="en-us">
<title id="title">QuantityRatio</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc">
</shortdesc>
<body id="body" >






<section id="description" audience="developer, modeler, sme">
  <title>Description</title>
	<p>A ratio (numerator : denominator) specifying the relative quantities of the Entity playing the Role in the Entity scoping the Role, used for Roles that represent composition relationships between the scoping and playing Entities.</p>

	<p>This data type represents a Ratio, where the Low and High Limits are Physical Quantities.  A Ratio is &quot; A quantity constructed as the quotient of a numerator quantity divided by a denominator quantity.&quot; - HL7 V3  A Physical Quantity is &quot;a dimensioned quantity expressing the result of measuring&quot; - HL7 V3</p><p>&quot;A relationship of two Quantity values - expressed as a numerator and a denominator.&quot; - HL7 FHIR, Ratio.</p>


	
<simpletable>
 <sthead>
  <stentry>Content</stentry>
  <stentry>Description</stentry>
 </sthead>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>denominator :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesQuantity.dita" >Quantity</xref> (1..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				&quot;The quantity that devides the numerator in the ratio. The default is the integer number 1 (one). The denominator SHALL not be zero.&quot; - HL7 V3</p><p>&quot;The value of the denominator.&quot; - HL7 FHIR, Ratio.denominator.
				The quantity that divides the numerator in the ratio. The default is the integer number 1 (one.) The denominator must not be zero.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>numerator :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesQuantity.dita" >Quantity</xref> (1..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The quantity that is being divided in the ratio. The default is the integer number 1
				&quot;The quantity that is being divided in the ratio. The default is the integer number 1 (one).&quot; - HL7 V3</p><p>&quot;The value of the numerator.&quot; - HL7 FHIR, Ratio.numerator.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>


</simpletable>

</section>




</body>
</topic>
