<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="FHIMDatatypesCodeWithValue" xml:lang="en-us">
<title id="title">CodeWithValue</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc">
</shortdesc>
<body id="body" >

<section id="generalizations"  audience="developer, modeler">
  <title>Hierarchy</title>
	CodeWithValue is a kind of <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesCode.dita">Code</xref>	
</section>





<section id="description" audience="developer, modeler, sme">
  <title>Description</title>
	<p>This subtype of Code adds a numerical value, which could be either a score for codes used to capture potential answers on an assessment instrument, or might be used to provide functionality for &quot;coded ordinals&quot;, which assigns a value to a concept.  In either case, this value is pre-defined in the coding system, and therefore could be looked up in the coding system.  Therefore, this datatype may be removed in the future, as it really isn&apos;t necessary, but may be useful in implementations which may wish to avoid a separate call to a terminology server.  (Note that this datatype was renamed from CodedOrdinal to CodeWithValue to combine the LoincAnswerCode and CodedOrdinal subtypes on 10/15/2015).</p><p></p><p>&quot;Coded data, where the coding system from which the code comes defines a partial or complete order on some or all of the codes in the system.  Codes may be assigned a numerical value, but this is not required. [This datatype] adds semantics related to ordering and/or numerical values....&quot; - HL7 V3.</p>


	
<simpletable>
 <sthead>
  <stentry>Content</stentry>
  <stentry>Description</stentry>
 </sthead>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>value :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesReal.dita" >Real</xref> (1..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The value assigned to this code in the code System. - HL7 V3.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>


</simpletable>

</section>




</body>
</topic>
