<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="FHIMPharmacyPharmacyPromise" xml:lang="en-us">
<title id="title">PharmacyPromise</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc">
</shortdesc>
<body id="body" >

<section id="generalizations"  audience="developer, modeler">
  <title>Hierarchy</title>
	PharmacyPromise is a kind of <xref href="../t_FHIMOrdersHealthcarePromiseAbstract.dita">HealthcarePromise(Abstract)</xref>	
</section>



<section id="specializations"  audience="developer, modeler">
	<title>Derivations</title>
	<ul>
<li><xref href="../t_FHIMPharmacyInfusionPromise.dita">InfusionPromise </xref> is a kind of  PharmacyPromise </li>
	</ul>
</section>


<section id="description" audience="developer, modeler, sme">
  <title>Description</title>
	<p>This class contains information about a Pharmacy Order, commonly referred to as a prescription.  This class represents the prescription from the perspective of the filling system (i.e., the pharmacy) whereas the Pharmacy Request represents the prescription from the ordering system (i.e., the prescriber).  This class is a subtype of the more general Healthcare Promise, which describes properties common to all types or Orders from the filling system perspective&#8211; this class adds those properties which are specific to medication orders.  This class is called Pharmacy Promise rather than Pharmacy Order following the HL7 V3 convention to use the term Promise to indicate that it is from the filling system&#8217;s perspective.  There are many properties which are identical to the Order; this is because the pharmacy may change the order, within prescribed limits, for example substituting a generic drug for a brand-named one.</p>


	
<simpletable>
 <sthead>
  <stentry>Content</stentry>
  <stentry>Description</stentry>
 </sthead>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>appointmentTime :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesPointInTime.dita" >PointInTime</xref> (0..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Date and time of the appointment for this clinic location.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>discontinueDate :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesPointInTime.dita" >PointInTime</xref> (1..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				This is the date the order was discontinued.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>expirationDate :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesPointInTime.dita" >PointInTime</xref> (1..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The date after which the order may no longer be filled.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>isHospitalSuppliedSelfAdministered :  Boolean (0..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				A flag indicating that the medication given to the patient is to be self administered and is to be supplied by the hospitals pharmacy while they are an inpatient. 
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>isSelfAdministered :  Boolean (0..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				A flag indicating that the medication given to the patient is to be self administered.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>lastDispenseDate :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesPointInTime.dita" >PointInTime</xref> (0..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The most recent date the order was filled.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>medicationType :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesCode.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				This identifies the type of medication ordered: A=Admixture, C=Chemotherapy, P=Piggy Back, T=TPN, U=Unit Dose.    Note: this might correspond to Administration Unit Code?  Verify.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>numberOfRefillsRemaining :  Integer (0..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Indicates the number of times the order may be filled without additional authorization.</p><p>&quot;This field is conditional because it is required when a prescription is dispensed to an outpatient. It is not relevant to inpatient treatment orders.&quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, RXD-8.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>orderModality :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesCode.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				This is the method the provider used to communicate to the user to enter (or take any other action) on the order.  Examples include: Written, Telephoned, Verbal, Electronically Entered, Policy, Service Correction, Duplicate, etc.</p><p>&quot;Code indicating the origin of the prescription.&quot; - NCPDP Telecommunication (Field 419-DJ, Data Dictionary 201104).  Possible values include: Written; Telephone; Electronic; Facsimile; Pharmacy; Not Known.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>requestedAdministrationTime :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesTimeInterval.dita" >TimeInterval</xref> (0..*)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Specifies when the service is to be performed and how frequently.  Note that this is a complex data type that may indicate specific times or intervals (e.g., 10:00 AM, MWF, etc).
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>requestedDuration :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesTimeQuantity.dita" >TimeQuantity</xref> (0..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The duration of an order as requested by the ordering clinician.  The duration would be expressed as a number of days, weeks, hours, etc.  Note that this length of time might be determined by a business rule of the facilty.  For example, most facilties will have a limit of 7 days for antibiotics, and 3 days for schedule 1 drugs.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>scheduleType :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesCode.dita" >Code</xref> (0..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				&quot;This describes the type of schedule for the dispensing of the medication(s) that make up the order.  PRE-OP orders are usually considered to be ON-CALL orders, and orders dispensed as MULTI-DOSE CONTAINERS are usually considered to be FILL ON REQUEST orders. C=Continuous, O=One Time, P=PRN, R=Fill On Request, OC=On Call.&quot; (VistA)  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

 <strow>
  <stentry><p>dataEnterer : <xref href="../t_FHIMCommonDataEnterer.dita" >DataEnterer</xref> (1..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Pointer to person who actually keyed the Promise (i.e., the prescription) into the filling application (i.e., the pharmacy application).
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>dispense : <xref href="../t_FHIMPharmacyPharmacyDispenseAbstract.dita" >PharmacyDispense(Abstract)</xref> (0..*)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Pointer to information about the provision of a medication to a patient or care provider under the authority of the owning Pharmacy Promise.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>finisher : <xref href="../t_FHIMProviderIndividualProvider.dita" >IndividualProvider</xref> (0..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The party who completed the Outpatient Pharmacy order.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>patientReportedMedication : <xref href="../t_FHIMPharmacyPatientReportedMedication.dita" >PatientReportedMedication</xref> (0..*)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Contains information about a medication which the patient has received or is receiving, as reported by the patient.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>pharmacy : <xref href="../t_FHIMProviderPharmacy.dita" >Pharmacy</xref> (1..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				&quot;Specifies the pharmacy that will dispense or has dispensed the prescription.&quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, RXO-32.</p><p>&quot;Specifies the address of the dispensing facility.&quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, RXO-33.</p><p>&quot;Contains the telecommunication contact information for the pharmacy.&quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, RXO-36.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>pharmacyGeneratedOrderModification : <xref href="../t_FHIMPharmacyPharmacyGeneratedOrderModification.dita" >PharmacyGeneratedOrderModification</xref> (0..*)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Pointer to information concerning any changes made to the original order by the pharmacist.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>pharmacyInferredDiagnosis : <xref href="../t_FHIMCommonDiagnosisListEntry.dita" >DiagnosisListEntry</xref> (0..*)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Many claims require a diagnosis in order to be adjudicated, especially in workers compensation situations or where multiple payers are involved.  In those cases and where the pharmacy does not have a diagnosis supplied by the prescriber, the pharmacy may infer a diagnosis based on the medication or services ordered.  See field 6813 of the NCPDP SCRIPT DRU segment.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>return : <xref href="../t_FHIMPharmacyReturn.dita" >Return</xref> (0..*)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Pointer to information about the reversal of a provision of a medication to a patient or care provider under the authority of the owning Pharmacy Promise.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

</simpletable>

</section>




</body>
</topic>
