<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="FHIMLabAutopsyAutopsyEvent" xml:lang="en-us">
<title id="title">AutopsyEvent</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc">
</shortdesc>
<body id="body" >






<section id="description" audience="developer, modeler, sme">
  <title>Description</title>
	<p>Clinical documents commonly have &apos;Subjective&apos; and &apos;Objective&apos; findings, both of which are kinds of Observations. In addition, clinical documents commonly contain &apos;Assessments&apos;, which are also kinds of Observations. Thus, the establishment of a diagnosis is an Observation.    </p>


	
<simpletable>
 <sthead>
  <stentry>Content</stentry>
  <stentry>Description</stentry>
 </sthead>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>ageAtDeath :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesQuantity.dita" >Quantity</xref> (1..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Contains the age of the patient at the time of death.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>autopsyDate :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesPointInTime.dita" >PointInTime</xref> (1..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The date and time when the autopsy assessment is completed.  Also the date of the final diagnosis of cause of death.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>autopsyType :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesCode.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Anatomical areas of the body the autopsy is performed on.  This can be as broad as a full autopsy or grouping of the body region such as chest, trunk, head. lower body.    
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>clinicalDiagnoses :  String (1..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Contains information in textual format about the autopsy.    
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>comments :  String (1..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Contains information in textual format about the autopsy.    
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>dateOfDeath :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesPointInTime.dita" >PointInTime</xref> (1..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				This is the date and time of the death of the patient.    
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>diagnosisClarificationCode :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesCode.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Contains the Code value to indicate whether the  clinical dx insufficient (ex. Intracranial hemorrhage) did autopsy clarify the dx (ex. ruptured aneurysm) ?  &apos;1&apos; FOR YES; &apos;0&apos; FOR NO; &apos;2&apos; FOR CONFIRMED;      
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>finalDiagnosisDate :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesPointInTime.dita" >PointInTime</xref> (1..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				This is the date and time the final diagnosis was given.    
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>isMajorDxDisagreement :  Boolean (1..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Contains the Code value to indicate whether there is major disagreement with the clinical Diagnoses. 0 = No  1 = Yes.     
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>pathologicalDiagnoses :  String (1..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				These are the pathological diagnoses in textual format.    
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>provisionalDiagnosisDate :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesPointInTime.dita" >PointInTime</xref> (1..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Contains the date provisional anatomic diagnoses reported.     
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>serviceCode :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesCode.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Contains the code set that identifies the reason for autopsy service performed.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

 <strow>
  <stentry><p>autopsyAssistant : <xref href="../t_FHIMProviderIndividualProvider.dita" >IndividualProvider</xref> (0..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The practitioner who assisted in performing the autopsy. 
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>diagnosis : <xref href="../t_FHIMCommonDiagnosis.dita" >Diagnosis</xref> (0..*)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				An association from AutopsyEvent2 to Diagnosis identifying a dignosis associated to the autopsy event.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>document : <xref href="../t_FHIMLabAutopsyAutopsyDocumentReference.dita" >AutopsyDocumentReference</xref> (0..*)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				An association from AutopayEvent2 to AutopsyDocumnetReference identifying the document referencing the autopsy.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>grossImage : <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesImage.dita" >Image</xref> (0..*)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Images associated with Autopsy Organ/Tissue reports are stored in this multiple within the Autopsy Organ/Tissue field of the Lab Data (#63) file.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>measurement : <xref href="../t_FHIMLabAutopsyAnatomicMeasurement.dita" >AnatomicMeasurement</xref> (1..*)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Measurement value is the actual value of the result and its unit of measure.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>microscopicImage : <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesImage.dita" >Image</xref> (0..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Images associated with Autopsy Organ/Tissue reports are stored in this multiple within the Autopsy Organ/Tissue field of the Lab Data file.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>residentPathologist : <xref href="../t_FHIMProviderIndividualProvider.dita" >IndividualProvider</xref> (1..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Resident Pathologist who authored the autopsy assessment.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>seniorPathologist : <xref href="../t_FHIMProviderIndividualProvider.dita" >IndividualProvider</xref> (1..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Senior Pathologist who verified and approved autopsy assessment.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>treatingSpecialtyAtDeath : <xref href="../t_FHIMProviderServiceDeliveryLocation.dita" >ServiceDeliveryLocation</xref> (0..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				An association from AutopsyEvent2 to FacilityTreatingSpeciality identifying the Treating specialist at death.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

</simpletable>

</section>




</body>
</topic>
