<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="FHIMCommonSpecimen" xml:lang="en-us">
<title id="title">Specimen</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc">
</shortdesc>
<body id="body" >






<section id="description" audience="developer, modeler, sme">
  <title>Description</title>
	<p>&quot;A physical entity that is an individual, a group, an item, or a part representative of a larger group, class or whole that is the target of an observation or analysis for the purpose of drawing conclusions about the group, class, or whole. This can be used to code a component of the specimen that the observation diagnosis relates to. Note that any physical entity in the universe has the potential to become a specimen.&quot; - HL7 V3.  This model attempts to distinguish between that which is collected from the patient (or other entity), and that portion of such material that may have been further divided or modified in some way before testing. For example, (whole) blood is taken from the patient, but the object of the test may be only the plasma or redblood cells taken (spun down) from the blood.  The specimen that undergoes testing may be the unaltered specimen that was collected, or may have undergone some sort of processing.</p>


	
<simpletable>
 <sthead>
  <stentry>Content</stentry>
  <stentry>Description</stentry>
 </sthead>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>dangerCode :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesCode.dita" >Code</xref> (0..*)</p> 
<p>See <xref href="../t_fhimvocabLabVocabFHIMSpecimenRiskType.dita">FHIM Specimen Risk Type</xref> definition for values.</p>


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				&quot;Contains any known or suspected specimen hazards, e.g., exceptionally infectious agent or blood from a hepatitis patient.&quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, SPM-16.  Possible values include (from HL7 Table 489): Biological; Corrosive; Escape Risk; Aggressive; MaterialDangerInflammable; Explosive; MaterialDangerInfectious; Biohazard; Injury Hazard; Poison; Radioactive.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>description :  String (1..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				&quot;A text field that allows additional information specifically about the specimen&quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, SPM-14.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>handlingCode :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesCode.dita" >Code</xref> (0..*)</p> 
<p>See <xref href="../t_fhimvocabLabVocabSpecimenHandlingCode.dita">Specimen Handling Code</xref> definition for values.</p>


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				&quot;Describes how the specimen and/or container need to be handled from the time of collection through the initiation of testing.&quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, SPM-15.  Possible values include (from HL7 Table 376): Body temperature; Ambient temperature; Critical ambient temperature; Refrigerated temperature; Critical refrigerated temperature; Frozen temperature; Critical frozen temperature; Deep frozen; Ultra frozen; Liquid nitrogen; Protect from light; Protect from air; Dry; No shock; Do not shake; Upright; Metal Free.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>id :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesId.dita" >Id</xref> (0..*)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				&quot;Unique identifier for the specimen as referenced by the Placer application, the Filler application, or both.&quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, SPM-2</p><p>&quot;Contains other identifier(s) for the specimen ... in addition to those identified in [SPM-2, Specimen ID].  In may cases other applications involved in the collection, transportation or testing of the specimen will assign additional specimen identifiers.&quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, SPM-31.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>specimenExpirationDateTime :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesPointInTime.dita" >PointInTime</xref> (1..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				&quot;The date and time the specimen can no longer be used for the purpose implied by the order....&quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, SPM-19.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>specimenOrigin :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesCode.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Domain from which the specimen comes (e.g., human, animal, environmental).  Added for Public Health Reporting Initiative 10/12/12.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>specimenRole :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesCode.dita" >Code</xref> (0..*)</p> 
<p>See <xref href="../t_fhimvocabLabVocabSpecimenRole.dita">Specimen Role</xref> definition for values.</p>


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Provides an indication of how this sample relates to other aspects of the overall workflow and/or to other specimens gathered or processed during the workflow.  This property is populated from HL7 V2 user-defined Table 0369, which contains a mish-mash of concepts including &quot;group&quot; and &quot;pool&quot; which relate to aliquotting, &quot;calibarator&quot;, &quot;verifying calibrator&quot;, &quot;operator testing&quot;, etc. which relate to laboratory quality assurance, etc.</p><p></p><p>&quot;Indicates the role of the sample.&quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, SPM-11.  Possible values include (from HL7 Table 369):</p><p>Blind Sample;</p><p>Calibrator, used for initial setting of calibration;</p><p>Electronic QC, used with manufactured reference providing signals that simulate QC results;</p><p>Specimen used for testing proficiency of the organization performing the testing (Filler);</p><p>Group (where a specimen consists of multiple individual elements that are not individually identified);</p><p>Pool (aliquots of individual specimens combined to form a single specimen representing all of the components.);</p><p>Specimen used for testing Operator Proficiency;</p><p>Patient (default if blank component value);</p><p>Control specimen;</p><p>Replicate (of patient sample as a control);</p><p>Verifying Calibrator, used for periodic calibration checks.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>specimenType :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesCode.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 
<p>See <xref href="../t_fhimvocabLabVocabFHIMSpecimenType.dita">FHIM Specimen Type</xref> definition for values.</p>


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				&quot;Describes the precise nature of the entity that will be the source material for the observation.  Any physical entity that may have observations made about it may qualify as a specimen.  The entry in this attribute describes the specific entity as precisely as possible, whether that is a complex organism (e.g., an ostrich) or a specific cellular mass (e.g., a specific muscle biopsy).&quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, SPM-4.  Note that HL7 identifies a Code Table (Table 487) for this property, which currently contains 271 suggested values.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>specimenTypeModifier :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesCode.dita" >Code</xref> (0..*)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				&quot;Contains modifying or qualifying description(s) about the specimen type.  The use of this attribute is to modify, qualify or further specify, the entity described by [SpecimenType].  This is particularly useful when the code set used in [SpecimenType] does not provide the precision required to fully describe the specimen.  For example, if the specimen was precisely described as capillary venous blood but the code set employed only provided venous blood, this attribute could be employed to add the modifier capillary.&quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, SPM-5.  Note that HL7 identifies a Code Table (Table 541) for this property, but does not provide any suggested values.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

 <strow>
  <stentry><p>definedPatientEvent : <xref href="../t_FHIMLabDefinedPatientEvent.dita" >DefinedPatientEvent</xref> (0..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The specific patient-related event to which a specimen collection or collections (and subsequently, any tests performed on that specimen) are related or affected by time, sequence, directive, intent, etc.  Examples might include drug administration (peak and trough), beginning of fasting (lipids, FBS), glucose challenge (tolerances) or meal (postprandial), admission (pre- or post-admission studies), scheduled surgery/transfusion (compatibility testing), onset of symptoms (acute and convalescent), Last Menstrual Period (pregnancy test, Pap smear), lumbar puncture (CSF tubes 1, 2, and 3), treatment completion (test of cure, post-transfusion H&amp;H), use/ingestion (BAT, toxicology), start of 24-hour urine pooling (creatinine clearance), etc.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>specimenCollectionEvent : <xref href="../t_FHIMLabSpecimenCollectionEvent.dita" >SpecimenCollectionEvent</xref> (0..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Association from Specimen to SpecimenCollectionEvent procedure to get collection date.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>specimenContainer : <xref href="../t_FHIMLabSpecimenContainer.dita" >SpecimenContainer</xref> (0..*)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Identifies the object in which the specimen is contained, such as the capacity, etc.  Some containers are manufactured such that they contain a pre-defined substance that may act to preserve, maintain or enhance the particular nature or component of the specimen. For example, a &quot;blue top tube&quot; typically contains an anticoagulant such as citrate. It is therefore important to know what kind of container the sample is in, as the condition of the sample may be affected.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>specimenProcessingEvent : <xref href="../t_FHIMLabSpecimenProcessingEvent.dita" >SpecimenProcessingEvent</xref> (0..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Actions performed on a specimen in order to prepare it for future testing.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

</simpletable>

</section>




</body>
</topic>
