<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="FHIMPharmacyMedicationList" xml:lang="en-us">
<title id="title">MedicationList</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc">
</shortdesc>
<body id="body" >






<section id="description" audience="developer, modeler, sme">
  <title>Description</title>
	<p>This class represents a list of medications that the patient is taking.  This list may contain information from prescription data (Pharmacy Requests), pharmacy data (Pharmacy Promises) and/or Patient-Reported Medications.  Because the list may be an aggregation of data from multiple sources, duplicate information may potentially exist.  This class contains a reconciliation date which, when valued, indicates when a medical professional last validated the list of medications.</p>


	
<simpletable>
 <sthead>
  <stentry>Content</stentry>
  <stentry>Description</stentry>
 </sthead>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>dateOfReconciliation :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesPointInTime.dita" >PointInTime</xref> (1..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				&quot;The date of the last active medication list reconciliation&quot; - ONC S&amp;I Clinical Element Data Dictionary (CEDD), March 2012.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

 <strow>
  <stentry><p>patientReportedMedication : <xref href="../t_FHIMPharmacyPatientReportedMedication.dita" >PatientReportedMedication</xref> (0..*)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Pointer to information about medications which the patient has received or is receiving, as reported by the patient.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>pharmacyPromise : <xref href="../t_FHIMPharmacyPharmacyPromise.dita" >PharmacyPromise</xref> (0..*)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Pointer to information about medications which the patient has received or is receiving, as reported by a pharmacy.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>pharmacyRequest : <xref href="../t_FHIMPharmacyPharmacyRequest.dita" >PharmacyRequest</xref> (0..*)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Pointer to information about medications which the patient has received or is receiving, as reported by an ordering physician.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

</simpletable>

</section>




</body>
</topic>
