<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="FHIMLabTestException" xml:lang="en-us">
<title id="title">TestException</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc">
</shortdesc>
<body id="body" >

<section id="generalizations"  audience="developer, modeler">
  <title>Hierarchy</title>
	TestException is a kind of <xref href="../t_FHIMLabReportableResult.dita">ReportableResult</xref>	
</section>





<section id="description" audience="developer, modeler, sme">
  <title>Description</title>
	<p>This class is used to communicate reason(s) why a test was unable to be performed.  It may indicate that the quantity of specimen was insufficient, that the specimen was contaminated, that the specimen is inappropriate for the kind of test ordered, etc.</p>


	
<simpletable>
 <sthead>
  <stentry>Content</stentry>
  <stentry>Description</stentry>
 </sthead>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>reason :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesCode.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Indicates the reason why a test was unable to be performed.  It may indicate that the quantity of specimen was insufficient, that the specimen was contaminated, that the specimen is inappropriate for the kind of test ordered, etc.</p><p>Note that when the reason that a test could not be performed is due to some aspect of the specimen, the specimen appropriateness and/or speciment condition should be used instead of this property.</p><p></p><p>&quot;As best practice in the future, a combination of SPM-21 and SPM-24 should be used to provide the most detailed coded information about the specimen reject reason and the specific specimen condition, if applicable. Use of SPM-21 is the ideal way to communicate when a test order is canceled due to specimen rejection as it codifies the reason for cancellation. Because disposition of a specimen is a CLIA requirement this reason needs to be retained and displayed in the patient record and incorporated into any type of report regardless of the medium of that report (paper, displayed on screen). The IG has identified HL70490 table as the value set for SPM-21, though the content needs improvement. The SNOMED finding hierarchy also has some appropriate terms, but is not complete. Future work on these vocabularies will expand the content. Use of SPM-24 can be very useful for communicating specimen condition information that does not meet the laboratory&#8217;s standard for acceptability (HL70493). The SNOMED finding hierarchy also has some appropriate terms, but is not complete. Future work on these vocabularies will expand the content. If a laboratory system cannot use SPM-21 and SPM-24, then this information shall be communicated using OBX-5 and NTE segment(s)&quot;</p><p></p><p>&quot;Contains the value observed by the observation producer....  It is not a required field because some systems will report only the Interpretation Codes.... This field may repeat for multipart, single answer results.&quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, OBX-5.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>


</simpletable>

</section>




</body>
</topic>
