<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="FHIMPersonAdvanceDirective" xml:lang="en-us">
<title id="title">AdvanceDirective</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc">
</shortdesc>
<body id="body" >




<section id="specializations"  audience="developer, modeler">
	<title>Derivations</title>
	<ul>
<li><xref href="../t_FHIMPersonPowerOfAttorney.dita">PowerOfAttorney </xref> is a kind of  AdvanceDirective </li>
	</ul>
</section>


<section id="description" audience="developer, modeler, sme">
  <title>Description</title>
	<p>A legal document (as a living will or durable power of attorney for healthcare) signed by a competent person to provide guidance for medical and health-care decisions (as the termination of life support or organ donation) in the event the person becomes incompetent to make such decisions.</p>


	
<simpletable>
 <sthead>
  <stentry>Content</stentry>
  <stentry>Description</stentry>
 </sthead>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>category :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesCode.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 
<p>See <xref href="../t_fhimvocabPersonVocabFHIM_AdvancedDirectiveKind.dita">FHIM_AdvancedDirectiveKind</xref> definition for values.</p>


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Categorizes the kind of Advance Directive.</p><p>&quot;Indicates the patient&apos;s instructions to the healthcare facility.&quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, PD1-15.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>comments :  String (0..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Remarks concerning the Advance Directive.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>dateLastVerified :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesPointInTime.dita" >PointInTime</xref> (0..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				&quot;The date that ... the advance directive [was] last validated.&quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, PD1-21.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>effectiveDateRange :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesTimeInterval.dita" >TimeInterval</xref> (0..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The time period over which the Advance Directive is effective.  Note that the end date is typically blank for active Advance Directives.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>image :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesImage.dita" >Image</xref> (0..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				A scanned image of the signed paper form, if applicable.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>paperLocator :  String (0..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Information to locate the original paper form, if applicable.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>status :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesCode.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 
<p>See <xref href="../t_fhimvocabCommonAndDatatypesVocabActInstanceStatus.dita">Act Instance Status</xref> definition for values.</p>


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Indicates the state of the Advance Directive, as defined in the Act state-transition model in the HL7 RIM.  Possible values include: New, Held, Canceled, Active, Suspended, Aborted, Completed, Nullified, and Obsolete.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>


</simpletable>

</section>




</body>
</topic>
