<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="FHIMSurgeryCardiacSurgeryEvent" xml:lang="en-us">
<title id="title">CardiacSurgeryEvent</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc">
</shortdesc>
<body id="body" >

<section id="generalizations"  audience="developer, modeler">
  <title>Hierarchy</title>
	CardiacSurgeryEvent is a kind of <xref href="../t_FHIMSurgerySurgicalEvent.dita">SurgicalEvent</xref>	
</section>





<section id="description" audience="developer, modeler, sme">
  <title>Description</title>
	<p>Surgery for treating a patient with a heart disorder.</p>


	
<simpletable>
 <sthead>
  <stentry>Content</stentry>
  <stentry>Description</stentry>
 </sthead>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>cardiacSurgeryId :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesId.dita" >Id</xref> (1..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Unique identifier that is assigned to this surgery event.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>collectionDate :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesTimeInterval.dita" >TimeInterval</xref> (1..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Contains the date and time that the cardiac surgical priority information was collected.  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>estimateOfMortalityDate :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesPointInTime.dita" >PointInTime</xref> (1..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Contains the date and time that the estimate of mortality information was collected.  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>status :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesCode.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Contains a code that identifies the status of the surgery event.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>surgicalPriority :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesCode.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Contains the surgical priority that most accurately reflects  the acuity of patient&apos;s cardiovascular condition at the  time of transport to the operating room.  Suggested like values: 1:ELECTIVE,  2:URGENT,  3:EMERGENT (ONGOING ISCHEMIA),  4:EMERGENT (HEMODYNAMIC COMPROMISE),  5:EMERGENT (ARREST WITH CPR).  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>totaISchemicTime :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesPointInTime.dita" >PointInTime</xref> (1..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Record in minutes the duration of time the ascending aorta is totally cross-clamped.  Do not include the duration of partial aorta cross-clamp used for sewing the proximal anastomoses.  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

 <strow>
  <stentry><p>cardiacProsthesis : <xref href="../t_FHIMSurgerySurgeryDevice.dita" >SurgeryDevice</xref> (0..*)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				An artificial device used to replace a missing body part, such as a limb, tooth, eye, or heart valve.  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>evaluation : <xref href="../t_FHIMSurgeryCardiacSurgeryEvaluation.dita" >CardiacSurgeryEvaluation</xref> (1..*)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Examine and appraise the cardiac surgery.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>perfusionDevice : <xref href="../t_FHIMSurgerySurgeryDevice.dita" >SurgeryDevice</xref> (1..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The piece of equipment or a mechanism designed to support  perfusion for the  surgical function 
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

</simpletable>

</section>




</body>
</topic>
