<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="FHIMPharmacyPharmacyGeneratedOrderModification" xml:lang="en-us">
<title id="title">PharmacyGeneratedOrderModification</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc">
</shortdesc>
<body id="body" >






<section id="description" audience="developer, modeler, sme">
  <title>Description</title>
	<p>The pharmacist has the authority to make certain changes to the clinician&#8217;s order without having to seek a replacement order from the prescriber.  This class contains information concerning any such changes.  For example, if the prescriber cited a brand name drug, but also indicated that a generic drug could be substituted for it, this class will point to a new copy of the order with the generic drug instead of the brand-name drug.  Another potential change might be where the prescriber indicated 20mg tablets, but the pharmacy only has 10 mg tablets.  In this case, the sig may need to be changed from &#8220;take 1 tablet&#8230;&#8221; to &#8220;take 2 tablets&#8230;&#8221; to reflect that the tablets are now half the strength as originally prescribed.  Again, this class is used to hold this new information.</p>


	
<simpletable>
 <sthead>
  <stentry>Content</stentry>
  <stentry>Description</stentry>
 </sthead>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>reason :  String (0..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				This property provides an optional textual description why the pharmacist changed the original prescriber&apos;s order.  In most cases, the substitution code will be sufficient, but in some cases the pharmacist may wish to document a more detailed reason.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>revisedAdministrationInstructions :  String (0..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				If the pharmacist has changed the instructions to the person administering the medication (usually a nurse in an inpatient situation) from the one originally ordered by the prescriber, this field contains the new instructions.  For example, if the prescriber indicated 20mg tablets, but the pharmacy only has 10 mg tablets, the sig may need to be changed from &#8220;give 1 tablet&#8230;&#8221; to &#8220;give 2 tablets&#8230;&#8221; to reflect that the tablets are now half the strength as originally prescribed.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>revisedPatientInstructions :  String (0..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				If the pharmacist has changed any &quot;additional instructions&quot; to the patient from the one originally ordered by the prescriber, this field contains the new instructions.  For example, if the prescriber indicated that the medication should be taken with milk, but the pharmacist made a therapeutic substitution to different medication the new instructions may now say &quot;take on an empty stomach&quot; to reflect the characteristics of the new medication.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>revisedSig :  String (0..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				If the pharmacist has changed the instructions to the patient (i.e., the &quot;sig&quot;) from the one originally ordered by the prescriber, this field contains the new instructions.  For example, if the prescriber indicated 20mg tablets, but the pharmacy only has 10 mg tablets, the sig may need to be changed from &#8220;take 1 tablet&#8230;&#8221; to &#8220;take 2 tablets&#8230;&#8221; to reflect that the tablets are now half the strength as originally prescribed.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

 <strow>
  <stentry><p>pharmacyPromise : <xref href="../t_FHIMPharmacyPharmacyPromise.dita" >PharmacyPromise</xref> (0..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Pointer to a new Pharmacy Promise record created as a result of a change made to the original order by the pharmacist.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

</simpletable>

</section>




</body>
</topic>
