<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="FHIMCarePlanConversation" xml:lang="en-us">
<title id="title">Conversation</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc">
</shortdesc>
<body id="body" >






<section id="description" audience="developer, modeler, sme">
  <title>Description</title>
	<p>A set of Communications among individual Care Team Members as they coordinate their activities for the execution of the Care Plan. The current intent of this class is to provide a record of such communications. It is envisioned that this structure could be used in the future to record negotiations among Care Team Members (especially between members belonging to different organizations) as the Care Plan is formulated. The ability to negotiate between Care Team Members does not exist in an automated fashion today, but would be an important feature in future systems.</p><p>&quot;A conversation organizes individual communications in a meaningful manner for the benefit and understanding of care plan stakeholders.&quot; - HL7 Care Plan Domain Analysis Model</p>


	
<simpletable>
 <sthead>
  <stentry>Content</stentry>
  <stentry>Description</stentry>
 </sthead>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>topic :  String (0..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Categorizes the set of Communications among individual Care Team Members as they coordinate their activities for the execution of the Care Plan such that the Communications can be logically grouped into this Conversation. Note that this property is currently modeled as a string rather than as a Code as no widely acceptable set of values exists for this concept at this time.</p><p>&quot;Specifies the subject of the communication&quot; - HL7 Care Plan Domain Analysis Model.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

 <strow>
  <stentry><p>communication : <xref href="../t_FHIMCarePlanCommunication.dita" >Communication</xref> (1..*)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Pointer to an interaction between two or more Care Team Members regarding the Care Plan for the patient.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

</simpletable>

</section>




</body>
</topic>
