<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="FHIMWomensHealthWomensHealthPatientNotification" xml:lang="en-us">
<title id="title">WomensHealthPatientNotification</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc">
</shortdesc>
<body id="body" >






<section id="description" audience="developer, modeler, sme">
  <title>Description</title>
	<p>This class captures information about notification.</p>


	
<simpletable>
 <sthead>
  <stentry>Content</stentry>
  <stentry>Description</stentry>
 </sthead>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>category :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesCode.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Indicates the method used to notify the patient.  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>dateCreated :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesPointInTime.dita" >PointInTime</xref> (1..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The date the notification was first created.  It may be today&apos;s date or a date in the past.  A future date cannot be associated with this record.  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>dateDue :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesPointInTime.dita" >PointInTime</xref> (1..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The date that this notification will be considered delinquent or past due if it does not have a status of closed
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>datePrinted :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesPointInTime.dita" >PointInTime</xref> (1..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The date on which this letter was or will be printed.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>dateToPrint :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesPointInTime.dita" >PointInTime</xref> (1..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The date on which this letter should be printed.  This date can then be used for automatic printing.  For &quot;reminder&quot; letters, the date to print would typically be based on the due date of the treatment need associated with the purpose for notification.  For &quot;results&quot; letters, the date to print would typically be the date that the results are made available.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>id :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesId.dita" >Id</xref> (1..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>outcomeOrResults :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesCode.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The results or outcome, which may be a goal or an event, associated with this patient&apos;s notification.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>purpose :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesCode.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Indicates the reason for the notification.   
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>status :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesCode.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The status for this notification.  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

 <strow>
  <stentry><p>notifyingFacility : <xref href="../t_FHIMProviderServiceDeliveryLocation.dita" >ServiceDeliveryLocation</xref> (1..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The name of the health care facility that initiated and printed the letter or notification.    
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

</simpletable>

</section>




</body>
</topic>
