<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="FHIMVitalSignsO2SaturationOxygenProvisionDeviceQualifier" xml:lang="en-us">
<title id="title">OxygenProvisionDeviceQualifier</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc">
</shortdesc>
<body id="body" >

<section id="generalizations"  audience="developer, modeler">
  <title>Hierarchy</title>
	OxygenProvisionDeviceQualifier is a kind of <xref href="../t_FHIMClinicalObservationObservationQualifier.dita">ObservationQualifier</xref>	
</section>





<section id="description" audience="developer, modeler, sme">
  <title>Description</title>
	<p>If the patient was receiving supplemental oxygen during the time that the patient&#8217;s blood oxygen saturation level or respiration rate was measured, this class will indicate what kind of device was being used to administer the oxygen.  This information is important to know when interpreting the value of the primary observation.</p>


	
<simpletable>
 <sthead>
  <stentry>Content</stentry>
  <stentry>Description</stentry>
 </sthead>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>observedCharacteristic :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesCode.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				This property defines what was observed that &#8220;qualifies&#8221; the primary, or &#8220;owning&#8221; Observation.  This property defines what was observed by citing value from a nationally recognized coding system.  In this case, the value will come from LOINC and will indicate that the qualifying observation is that of the device that was used to administer supplemental oxygen to the patient at the time that the oxygen saturation observation or the respiration rate observation was made.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>value :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesCode.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 
<p>See <xref href="../t_fhimvocabVitalSignsVocabOxygenProvisionDevice.dita">OxygenProvisionDevice</xref> definition for values.</p>


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				This property contains the result, or value of the qualifying Observation.  In the generic Observation Qualifier class, the data type for this property can be anything.  In this sub-type, the value is constrained to be one of a set of codes from the SNOMED-CT coding system that categorizes the kind of device that was used to administer supplemental oxygen.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>


</simpletable>

</section>




</body>
</topic>
