<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="FHIMHealthConcernFamilyHistoryConcern" xml:lang="en-us">
<title id="title">FamilyHistoryConcern</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc">
</shortdesc>
<body id="body" >

<section id="generalizations"  audience="developer, modeler">
  <title>Hierarchy</title>
	FamilyHistoryConcern is a kind of <xref href="../t_FHIMHealthConcernHealthConcern.dita">HealthConcern</xref>	
</section>





<section id="description" audience="developer, modeler, sme">
  <title>Description</title>
	<p>A type of Health Concern that embodies a risk that the patient may be particularly susceptible to a given disease due to the fact that a relative of the patient had experienced the condition.  For example, if a female patient&apos;s mother had breast cancer, then the patient may have a higher risk of breast cancer.  While this class is generally used for conditions to which the patient may be genetically pre-disposed, such as breast cancer, and therefore will generally reference blood relatives, it may also be used to document environmental risks that the patient shares with extended family members.</p>


	
<simpletable>
 <sthead>
  <stentry>Content</stentry>
  <stentry>Description</stentry>
 </sthead>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>details :  String (0..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Textual description about the problems, diagnoses, and genetic markers found in genetic relatives. This field may be used to capture unstructured or structured family history information recorded in clinical records.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>duration :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesTimeInterval.dita" >TimeInterval</xref> (0..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>geneticMarkerDescription :  String (0..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Description of risk-related genetic markers identified in this individual.  For example, Patient has had individual genome analysis that revealed BRACA 1.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>medicalHistory :  String (0..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Details about problems or diagnoses for this genetic relative.  Note that this might be implemented as a Document Section.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>wasCauseOfDeath :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesNullableBoolean.dita" >NullableBoolean</xref> (0..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				If the patient&apos;s relative is deceased, this property indicates whether the Health Concern (aka Problem) was (one of) the cause(s) of death.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

 <strow>
  <stentry><p>relative : <xref href="../t_FHIMHealthConcernRelative.dita" >Relative</xref> (1..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

</simpletable>

</section>




</body>
</topic>
