<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="FHIMDatatypesAddress" xml:lang="en-us">
<title id="title">Address</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc">
</shortdesc>
<body id="body" >




<section id="specializations"  audience="developer, modeler">
	<title>Derivations</title>
	<ul>
<li><xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesCanadianMailingAddress.dita">CanadianMailingAddress </xref> is a kind of  Address </li>
<li><xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesUsMailingAddress.dita">UsMailingAddress </xref> is a kind of  Address </li>
<li><xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesOtherCountryMailingAddress.dita">OtherCountryMailingAddress </xref> is a kind of  Address </li>
	</ul>
</section>


<section id="description" audience="developer, modeler, sme">
  <title>Description</title>
	<p>A label for the place or location at which a person or organization may be reached. This class is used primarily for mailing addresses, but includes an optional County property which is often needed for statistical reporting or pricing purposes.  Note that it doesn&#8217;t include a State code, as this code is added in a US-specific subtype.  This is done because states or provinces for other countries will be identified in using different value-sets, if at all.  The state code in the US Mailing Address sub-type is bound to a particular value set, the province code in the Canadian Mailing Address sub-type is bound to a different value set, while the Other Country Mailing Address simply contain as string for the jurisdiction.</p><p>&quot;A postal address. There is a variety of postal address formats defined around the world. Postal addresses are often also used to record a location that can be visited to find a patient or person.&quot; - HL7 FHIR, Address.</p>


	
<simpletable>
 <sthead>
  <stentry>Content</stentry>
  <stentry>Description</stentry>
 </sthead>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>city :  String (1..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				An Address Part (ADXP) that contains the name of the city, town, village, or other community or delivery center.
				&quot;The name of the city, town, village, or other community or delivery center.&quot; - HL7 V3</p><p>&quot;The name of the city, town, village or other community or delivery center.&quot; - HL7 FHIR, Address.city
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>country :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesCode.dita" >Code</xref> (0..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The state or nation having jurisdiction over the location specified in the address.  This information is needed to properly route correspondence across national boundaries.</p><p>&quot;Country - a nation as commonly understood or generally accepted.&quot; - HL7 FHIR, Address.postalCode
				An Address Part (ADXP) that contains the Country of the address.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>county :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesCode.dita" >Code</xref> (0..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				A region created by territorial division for the purpose of local government.  In the United States, a county (or parish in Louisiana) is the largest administrative district within a state.  This optional property is used primarily for statistical and pricing information (i.e., the same service may be more expensive in an affluent section of the country than in a less-affluent portion).
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>effectiveDateRange :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesTimeInterval.dita" >TimeInterval</xref> (0..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The time period during which the address is a valid location for the person or organization.  The data type is a TimeInterval, which includes both a start date and end date, either of which may be empty.</p><p>&quot;Time period when address was/is in use.&quot; - HL7 FHIR, Address.period
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>line1 :  String (0..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The first line of the street address.  While this street address could be broken into several constituent parts (as was done in HL7 V3), for the purpose of this logical model, the whole line is treated as a single concept.  Note that this property is optional because in some cases (such as birth address) it may not be known or collected.</p><p>&quot;This component contains the house number, apartment number, street name, street direction, P.O. Box number, delivery hints, and similar address information.&quot; - HL7 FHIR, Address.line.
				The first line of a mailing address.  Unlike HL7, we have chosen not to break up the parts of each line.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>line2 :  String (0..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The second line of a mailing address.  Unlike HL7, we have chosen not to break up the parts of each line.
				The second line of the street address.  While this street address could be broken into several constituent parts (as was done in HL7 V3), for the purpose of this logical model, the whole line is treated as a single concept.  </p><p>&quot;This component contains the house number, apartment number, street name, street direction, P.O. Box number, delivery hints, and similar address information.&quot; - HL7 FHIR, Address.line.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>line3 :  String (0..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The third line of a mailing address.  Unlike HL7, we have chosen not to break up the parts of each line.
				The third line of the street address.  While this street address could be broken into several constituent parts (as was done in HL7 V3), for the purpose of this logical model, the whole line is treated as a single concept.  </p><p>&quot;This component contains the house number, apartment number, street name, street direction, P.O. Box number, delivery hints, and similar address information.&quot; - HL7 FHIR, Address.line.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>postalCode :  String (1..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				A string of digits (and in some countries, letters) used as part of a postal address to aid the sorting of mail.  This code is defined by the postal system of the country in which location is contained.</p><p>&quot;A postal code designating a region defined by the postal service.&quot; - HL7 FHIR, Address.postalCode
				An Address Part (ADXP) that contains a postal code designating a region defined by the postal service.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>use :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesCode.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 
<p>See <xref href="../t_fhimvocabCommonAndDatatypesVocabAddressUse.dita">AddressUse</xref> definition for values.</p>


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Indicates the kind of address that is contained within this class. Examples include primary home, work, etc.  This facilitates the selection of a particular address from a list of addresses that may apply to the person or organization.</p><p>&quot;The purpose of this address.&quot; - HL7 FHIR, Address.use.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>


</simpletable>

</section>




</body>
</topic>
