<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="FHIMAdverseEventReportingRelatedPersonObservation" xml:lang="en-us">
<title id="title">RelatedPersonObservation</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc">
</shortdesc>
<body id="body" >

<section id="generalizations"  audience="developer, modeler">
  <title>Hierarchy</title>
	RelatedPersonObservation is a kind of <xref href="../t_FHIMAdverseEventReportingAbstractReportSubjectObservation.dita">AbstractReportSubjectObservation</xref>	
</section>





<section id="description" audience="developer, modeler, sme">
  <title>Description</title>
	<p>This class contains information about a person related to the subject of the report (i.e., related to the patient).  The ICH implementation guide limits this information to the parent of a child or fetus (usually the mother).  However, this class is meant to handle other relevant related persons such as siblings of a child who had an adverse reaction to a vaccine.  Note that each of the properties in the class exist in the Patient or Person classes.  They are repeated here to emphasize that they are point-in-time observations that are needed for a particular report.  Therefore, each of these properties are marked as derived - all of the properties can be calculated from the Patient and Person classes.</p>


	
<simpletable>
 <sthead>
  <stentry>Content</stentry>
  <stentry>Description</stentry>
 </sthead>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>name :  <xref href="../t_FHIMDatatypesPersonName.dita" >PersonName</xref> (0..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The name or initials of the related person.  From ICH E2B(R3), D.10.1.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>relationshipCategory :  <xref href="../t_FHIMAdverseEventReportingenumRelationship.dita" >enumRelationship</xref> (1..1)</p> 


</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Indicates how the person whose observations are being recorded is related to the person who is the subject of the report.  It is noted that ICH only has the notion of &quot;parent&quot;, which in the majority of the cases is the mother of the child or fetus.  VAERS requests information on siblings.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>


</simpletable>

</section>




</body>
</topic>
