<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="Id" xml:lang="en-us">
<title id="title">Id</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc">
</shortdesc>
<body id="body" >



<section id="description" audience="developer, modeler, sme">
  <title>Description</title>
	<p>An identifier that uniquely identifies a thing or object.  This *abstract* datatype represents a &quot;identifier&quot; - some series of letters or numbers which uniquely identifies something.  In practice, this datatype will be substituted with specific &quot;flavors&quot; of the Id datatype for use in particular standards-based payloads.</p>


	
<simpletable>
 <sthead>
  <stentry>Content</stentry>
  <stentry>Description</stentry>
 </sthead>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>assigningAuthority :  String (0..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				This is a placeholder for the &quot;assigning authority&quot;, which is a unique identifier of the system (or organization or agency or department) that creates the data.    Note that this property will be replaced by some other concept or group of concepts when this abstract class is replaced by a specific class for a given target platform.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>idType :  String (0..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Indicates what kind of identifier is being represented.  For example, the idType might be represent a Driver&apos;s Licence, in which case the assigning Authority might be the Virginia Department of Motor Vehicles.  Note that: a) this information can (and probably should) be also be made clear by the name and definition of the property whose datatype is an Id; and b) this property might be an enumeration in the future.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>identifier :  String (0..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				This is a placeholder for the &quot;entity identifier,&quot; which is usually defined to be unique within the series of identifiers created by the &quot;assigning authority&quot;.  Note that this property will be replaced by some other concept or group of concepts when this abstract class is replaced by a specific class for a given target platform.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>


</simpletable>

</section>




</body>
</topic>
