<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="ImagingEvent" xml:lang="en-us">
<title id="title">ImagingEvent</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc">
</shortdesc>
<body id="body" >



<section id="description" audience="developer, modeler, sme">
  <title>Description</title>
	<p>This class contains attributes and associations that are helpful in  interpretation of the radiology/nuclear medicine image as known by the originating VistA system.  File 2005.</p>


	
<simpletable>
 <sthead>
  <stentry>Content</stentry>
  <stentry>Description</stentry>
 </sthead>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>dateLastAccessed :  <xref href="../t_PointInTime.dita" >PointInTime</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The date and time the image was last viewed or accessed.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>dateTimeImageCreated :  <xref href="../t_PointInTime.dita" >PointInTime</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Contains the date and time on which the image was captured.  It is not the same as the date and time of the procedure or exam.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>externalImageId :  String (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				When an image is created from an external PACS system, this property will contain the unique identifier for the image within that system.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>fileType :  <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				This is a code for the type of data that is stored in the file that is described in the current record.  Possible values are Text; Large X-Ray; Targa(TM); Thumbnail; DICOM; etc.  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>id :  <xref href="../t_Id.dita" >Id</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The Internal Entry Number of the Image File Entry  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>imageCategory :  <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				A categorization of the image, which can be used for searching and sorting.  See VistA table 2005.82 for example values.  Possible values (from VA) include: Administrative, Clinical, Admin/Clinical.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>imageName :  String (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				This is the natural language name of the object; usually consists of the patient name, social security number, and object description.     
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>imageType :  <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				A categorization of the image, which can be used for searching and sorting.  See VistA table 2005.83 for example values.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>isDuplicate :  Boolean (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Identifies and enables screening of images that have duplicate instances in the archive file and the image file.   Possible values are YES; etc.  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>isIntegrityQuestionable :  Boolean (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Indicates that this image entry has questionable integrity.  Possible values are YES etc.  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>longDescription :  String (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				This is the description of the image at length. 
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>microscopicObjective :  String (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Description of the Microscopic Objective selected by the pathologist.  It identifies the power of the microscope objective used when capturing the image of the slide.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>originCategory :  <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				A categorization of the image based on the organization which originated the image.  For the VA, possible values include VA, Non-VA, DOD, Fee-Basis, etc.  Similar concepts can be generalized for other agencies.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>pathologyAccessionId :  String (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Contains the Anatomic Pathology accession number - the identifying number for the slide.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>procedureCategory :  <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Categorizes the procedure that generated the image.  Possible values include: Colonoscopy, Surgery, Surgical pathology, Radiology.  This property can be used to help locate individual images or even classes of images for research.    
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>procedureDateTime :  <xref href="../t_PointInTime.dita" >PointInTime</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The date and time the image was last viewed or accessed.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>procedureSubCategory :  <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				A more finely grained categorizaton (than the procedureCategory) of the procedure that generated the image.  Used for sorting and searching of the images.  See VistA table 2005.85 for example values.      
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>shortDescription :  String (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				A brief, one-line description of the image or object.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>softwareCategory :  <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Categorizes the software system or package that generated and/or accesses the image.  Used to locate appropriate images when accessed by the software package.  Possible values include (from the VA): Radiology, Laboratory, Medicine, Clinical Document, Surgery, Photo ID, etc.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>specialtyCategory :  <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				A categorization of the image by specialty/subspecialty, which can be used for searching and sorting.  See VistA table 2005.84 for example values.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>stainDescription :  String (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Description of the Histological Stain used in the preparation of the specimen.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

 <strow>
  <stentry><p>acquisitionDevice : <xref href="../t_Device.dita" >Device</xref> (0..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Device that performed the image Acquisition.  Pointer to file #2006.04.  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>acquisitionSite : <xref href="../t_Institution.dita" >Institution</xref> (0..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The location at which the image was taken  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>author : <xref href="../t_Author.dita" >Author</xref> (1..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>clinic : <xref href="../t_HospitalLocation.dita" >HospitalLocation</xref> (0..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The location where the professional service was performed.  Pointer to file #44.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>fileStorage : <xref href="../t_ImageStorage.dita" >ImageStorage</xref> (0..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				A pointer to the Network Location file giving the jukebox platter where the image is stored (provided there is a jukebox in the Imaging System). 
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>imageRouteEvent : <xref href="../t_ImageRouteEvent.dita" >ImageRouteEvent</xref> (0..*)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Contains the data elements and associations related to an DICOM (Digital Imaging and Communications in Medicine)-compliant image copy event.  Maintains an audit trail of the copy.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>nullifiedBy : <xref href="../t_NullifyAct.dita" >NullifyAct</xref> (0..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Person who deletes/Nullifies this treatment record.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>patient : <xref href="../t_Patient.dita" >Patient</xref> (1..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The patient that the image or object belongs to.  Pinter to File #2.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>radiologyReport : <xref href="../t_RadNucReport.dita" >RadNucReport</xref> (0..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Represents the radiology/nuclear medicine report as known by the originating VistA system.  Equivalent to File 74.  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>relatedImage : <xref href="../t_RelatedImage.dita" >RelatedImage</xref> (0..*)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>specimen : <xref href="../t_Specimen.dita" >Specimen</xref> (0..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>treatingSpeciality : <xref href="../t_FacilityTreatingSpecialty.dita" >FacilityTreatingSpecialty</xref> (0..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Medical specialty that performed the Non OR procedure.  Equivalent to a pointer to File #2005.84
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

</simpletable>

</section>




</body>
</topic>
