<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="InformationReference" xml:lang="en-us">
<title id="title">InformationReference</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc">
</shortdesc>
<body id="body" >



<section id="description" audience="developer, modeler, sme">
  <title>Description</title>
	<p>This class and it associations specify the attributes of the protected information referenced by a policy (e.g., IIHI).</p>


	
<simpletable>
 <sthead>
  <stentry>Content</stentry>
  <stentry>Description</stentry>
 </sthead>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>category : <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (0..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Information category (e.g. medication, allergies, laboratory).
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>confidentialityIndicator : <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (0..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The confidentiality indicator is a coded attribute that assigns access controls on client health records based on the information or type of access.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>dataIntegrity : <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (0..*)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				This attribute was renamed from the DAM, wherein it was named &apos;integrityCode&apos;.  That attribute had no definition.  Data integrity is an implied privacy concept but it is explicit in security policy specifications.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>sensitivity : <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (0..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Coded attribute that describes the sensitivity of a user or information artifact. Sensitivity is a characteristic of a resource which implies its value or importance, and may include its vulnerability [ISO 7498-2:1989]. Sensitivity may be associated with a user or information artifact.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

 <strow>
  <stentry><p>InformationReference : <xref href="../t_OrganizationalProvider.dita" >OrganizationalProvider</xref> (0..*)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Identifies the organizational provider that is the custodian of the record in question.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>coverageType : <xref href="../t_PolicyProgramSource.dita" >PolicyProgramSource</xref> (0..*)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>informationObject : <xref href="../t_InformationObject.dita" >InformationObject</xref> (0..*)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				A reference to specific type of information object that may be referenced by a policy or consent directive (e.g., document, order, etc.).
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>informationRecipient : <xref href="../t_OrganizationalProvider.dita" >OrganizationalProvider</xref> (0..*)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Identifies the organizational provider that is the intended recipient of the record in question.  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>relatedCondition : <xref href="../t_ClinicalCondition.dita" >ClinicalCondition</xref> (0..*)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The health condition(s) associated with the policy. Conditions when specified, are coded concepts expressed in a standard vocabulary (e.g., LOINC, SNOMED CT, etc.). These may include indications of &apos;substance abuse&apos; or &apos;HIV-related&apos; illnesses, etc. An obligationCode may be implemented as a &apos;condition&apos;.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>subjectOfRecord : <xref href="../t_SubjectOfRecord.dita" >SubjectOfRecord</xref> (0..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				This class represents the patient or population that is the subject of the record in question.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

</simpletable>

</section>




</body>
</topic>
