<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="IntubationEvent" xml:lang="en-us">
<title id="title">IntubationEvent</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc">
</shortdesc>
<body id="body" >



<section id="description" audience="developer, modeler, sme">
  <title>Description</title>
	<p>The introduction of a tube into a hollow organ (as the trachea or intestine) to keep it open or restore its patency if obstructed </p>


	
<simpletable>
 <sthead>
  <stentry>Content</stentry>
  <stentry>Description</stentry>
 </sthead>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>id : <xref href="../t_Id.dita" >Id</xref> (1..1)</p> 

</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Unique identifier for the type of larynoscope used.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>laryngoscopeType : <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 

</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Contains a code Set that identifies the type of scope or  laryngoscope blade used to facilitate endotracheal  intubation.  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>route : <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 

</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Indicates the route of the endotracheal tube to the trachea.  Suggested values include: Oral, Nasal, Tracheostomy, etc.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>traumaObserved : <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 

</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				An injury (as a wound) to living tissue caused by an extrinsic agent &amp;amp;lt;surgical trauma&amp;amp;gt;
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>tubeLength : <xref href="../t_PhysicalQuantity.dita" >PhysicalQuantity</xref> (1..1)</p> 

</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Contains the length of the endotracheal tube at the external reference  point.  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>tubeSize : <xref href="../t_PhysicalQuantity.dita" >PhysicalQuantity</xref> (1..1)</p> 

</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Contains the size of the endotracheal tube.  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

 <strow>
  <stentry><p>biteBlock : <xref href="../t_SurgeryDevice.dita" >SurgeryDevice</xref> (0..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Identifies the bite block is used to protect the endotracheal tube
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>endotrachealTube : <xref href="../t_SurgeryDevice.dita" >SurgeryDevice</xref> (0..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Identifies the endotracheal tube used during the major portion of the procedure.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>laryngoscope : <xref href="../t_SurgeryDevice.dita" >SurgeryDevice</xref> (0..-1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Identifies the type of scope or laryngoscope blade used to facilitate endotracheal intubation.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>stylet : <xref href="../t_SurgeryDevice.dita" >SurgeryDevice</xref> (0..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Identifies the stylet that was used to shape the endotracheal tube during intubation.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

</simpletable>

</section>




</body>
</topic>
