<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="LabTestPromise" xml:lang="en-us">
<title id="title">LabTestPromise</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc">
</shortdesc>
<body id="body" >

<section id="generalizations"  audience="developer, modeler">
  <title>Hierarchy</title>
	LabTestPromise is a kind of <xref href="../t_HealthcarePromise.dita">HealthcarePromise</xref>	
</section>


<section id="description" audience="developer, modeler, sme">
  <title>Description</title>
	<p>This class represents an intent to perform one or more Laboratory Tests in response to a Request (an Order) from an authorized entity (usually a doctor).  A Promise is an intent to perform a service that has the strength of a commitment, i.e., other parties may rely on the originator of such promise that said originator will see to it that the promised act will be fulfilled. A promise can be either solicited or unsolicited.  The entity that makes such a promise is also called a &quot;filler&quot;, while the entity that requests the service is also called a &quot;placer&quot;.  The Laboratory Test Promise can be looked at as the Laboratory Test Order from the laboratory&apos;s point of view.</p>


	
<simpletable>
 <sthead>
  <stentry>Content</stentry>
  <stentry>Description</stentry>
 </sthead>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>dateReportCompleted :  <xref href="../t_PointInTime.dita" >PointInTime</xref> (0..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				&quot;Specifies the date/time when the results were reported or status changed.  This conditional field is required whenever [Report Status] is valued.  This field is used to indicate the date and time that the results are composed into a report and released, or that [Healthcare Order status] is entered or changed.&quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, OBR-22.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>producersReference :  String (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				&quot;Contains a unique identifier of the responsible producing service.  It should be reported explicitly when the test results are produced at outside laboratories, for example.  When this field is null, the receiving system assumes that the observations were produced by the sending organization.  This information supports CLIA regulations in the US....&quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, OBX-15.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

 <strow>
  <stentry><p>accessionEvent : <xref href="../t_AccessionEvent.dita" >AccessionEvent</xref> (0..*)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				This property points to the record of the laboratory&apos;s accepting a laboratory test and entering the test into the laboratory&apos;s workload.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>billingProcedureList : <xref href="../t_ProcedureListEntry.dita" >ProcedureListEntry</xref> (0..*)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				&quot;Contains a unique identifier assigned to the procedure, if any, associated with the charge.&quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, OBR-44.</p><p>&quot;Contains the procedure code modifier to the procedure code reported in OBR-44-procedure code, when applicable....  Multiple modifiers may be reported....&quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, OBR-45.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>labReferral : <xref href="../t_LabReferral.dita" >LabReferral</xref> (0..*)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				An order placed by a laboratory to another laboratory to perform a test that the originating laboratory had taken on.  This action typically occurs when the originating laboratory cannot perform the requested test in-house.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>labTestPromised : <xref href="../t_LabTest.dita" >LabTest</xref> (0..*)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				&quot;This field contains the identifier code for the requested observation/test/battery.&quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, OBR-4
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>medicalDirector : <xref href="../t_IndividualProvider.dita" >IndividualProvider</xref> (0..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				&quot;Contains the medical director of the organization/service responsible for performing the service.  For labs, this field specifies the medical director of the laboratory that produced the test result described in this OBX segment.  This field is different than OBX-16 in that OBX-16 identifies the individual who performed the lab test (made the observation) whereas this field identifies the individual who is the medical director of the organization responsible for the result.  It should be reported explicitly when the test results are produced at outside laboratories, for example.  This information supports CLIA regulations in the US.&quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, OBX-25.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>relatedLabPromise : <xref href="../t_RelatedLabPromise.dita" >RelatedLabPromise</xref> (0..*)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Identifies other Lab Test Promise(s) to which this Lab Test Promise is somehow related.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>reportableResult : <xref href="../t_ReportableResult.dita" >ReportableResult</xref> (0..*)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				This property points to the set (zero to many) of test results or observations that were generated as a result of the laboratory tests performed.  Note that the word Reportable is used to indicate that these Results are limited to those which have reached the point where they are deemed to be reportable or releasable.  The result may or may not have been part of an actual report, as it might be on hold waiting for other results to be combined with it.  A result that has not yet been approved by the appropriate personnel does not meet the criteria of being reportable, and therefore will not be available through this stucture.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>specimenAssessment : <xref href="../t_SpecimenAssessment.dita" >SpecimenAssessment</xref> (0..*)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Contains observations regarding the Specimen.  Such observations, or assessments, of the Specimen are performed by the laboratory upon initial receipt, although periodic assessments may be performed later, especially when the Specimen is in long-term storage, or when some change in custody has occurred.  The assessment also contains information concerning the handling of the Specimen, such as storage or transportation information.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>specimenCollectionEvent : <xref href="../t_SpecimenCollectionEvent.dita" >SpecimenCollectionEvent</xref> (0..*)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The actual gathering of portions or quantities of material for use in testing, examination, or study based upon the request (order).
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>verifier : <xref href="../t_Verifier.dita" >Verifier</xref> (0..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				&quot;Contains the identifier of the individual directly responsible for the observation (i.e., the person who either performed or verified it).  In a nursing service, the observer is usually the professional who performed the observation (e.g., took the blood pressure).  In a laboratory, the observer is the technician who performed or verified the analysis....&quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, OBX-16.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

</simpletable>

</section>




</body>
</topic>
