<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="MeasurementWithReferenceRangeResult" xml:lang="en-us">
<title id="title">MeasurementWithReferenceRangeResult</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc">
</shortdesc>
<body id="body" >

<section id="generalizations"  audience="developer, modeler">
  <title>Hierarchy</title>
	MeasurementWithReferenceRangeResult is a kind of <xref href="../t_ReportableResult.dita">ReportableResult</xref>	
</section>


<section id="description" audience="developer, modeler, sme">
  <title>Description</title>
	<p>An observation of the quantity of the analyte found within the sample.    Note that loinc and procedure codes are identifying more specifically the type of test being performed.  Because there may be multiple methodologies available to measure the same substance, these codes are more specific than the analyte and testCode referenced in the ChemistryTest class.  Note that this class has 5 subtypes to handle the different kinds of result values.  Most chemistry tests are physical quanties (e.g., mg/dL).  Some are coded, and even those that normally are physical quantities might be replaced by a coded observation of Quantity Not Sufficient.</p>


	
<simpletable>
 <sthead>
  <stentry>Content</stentry>
  <stentry>Description</stentry>
 </sthead>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>referenceRange : <xref href="../t_PhysicalQuantityInterval.dita" >PhysicalQuantityInterval</xref> (0..-1)</p> 

</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The range of normal values (low and high) determined for a test.  For toxicology, this range is the theraputic range.</p><p></p><p>&quot;When the observation quantifies the amount of a toxic substance, then the upper limit of the range identifies the toxic limit.  If the observation quantifies a drug, the lower limits identify the lower therapeutic bounds and the upper limits represent the upper therapeutic bounds above which toxic side effects are common.&quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, OBX-7.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>value : <xref href="../t_Any.dita" >Any</xref> (0..-1)</p> 

</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				&quot;Contains the value observed by the observation producer....  It is not a required field because some systems will report only the Interpretation Codes.... This field may repeat for multipart, single answer results.&quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, OBX-5.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

 <strow>
  <stentry><p>referenceRangeCriterion : <xref href="../t_ReferenceRangeCriterion.dita" >ReferenceRangeCriterion</xref> (0..-1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				&quot;Contains the nature of the abnormal test.  Refer to HL7 Table 0080 - Nature of abnormal testing for valid values.  As many of the codes as apply may be included, separated by repeat delimiters. For example, normal values based on age, sex, and race would be codes as &quot;A~S~R&quot;.&quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, OBX.10</p><p></p><p>This is the criteron by which the reference range is valid.  Different reference ranges may be defined based on the subject&apos;s age, race, sex, etc.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

</simpletable>

</section>




</body>
</topic>
