<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="MethodOfDelivery" xml:lang="en-us">
<title id="title">MethodOfDelivery</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc">
</shortdesc>
<body id="body" >



<section id="description" audience="developer, modeler, sme">
  <title>Description</title>
	<p>[US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 46].  This class represents an observation regarding the delivery of the infant.  Possible values include: Was delivery with forceps attempted by unsuccessful? - Yes; Was delivery with forceps attempted by unsuccessful? - No; Was delivery with vacuum extraction attempted by unsuccessful? - Yes; Was delivery with vacuum extraction attempted by unsuccessful? - No; Fetal presentation at birth, Cephalic; Fetal presentation at birth, Breech; Fetal presentation at birth, Other; Final route and method of delivery, Vaginal/Spontaneous; Final route and method of delivery, Vaginal/Forceps; Final route and method of delivery, Vaginal/Vacuum; Final route and method of delivery, Cesarean, trial of labor attempted; Cesarean, trial of labor not attempted.</p>


	
<simpletable>
 <sthead>
  <stentry>Content</stentry>
  <stentry>Description</stentry>
 </sthead>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>category :  <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				[US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 46].  Categorizes the observation regarding the delivery of the infant.  Possible values include: Was delivery with forceps attempted by unsuccessful? - Yes; Was delivery with forceps attempted by unsuccessful? - No; Was delivery with vacuum extraction attempted by unsuccessful? - Yes; Was delivery with vacuum extraction attempted by unsuccessful? - No; Fetal presentation at birth, Cephalic; Fetal presentation at birth, Breech; Fetal presentation at birth, Other; Final route and method of delivery, Vaginal/Spontaneous; Final route and method of delivery, Vaginal/Forceps; Final route and method of delivery, Vaginal/Vacuum; Final route and method of delivery, Cesarean, trial of labor attempted; Cesarean, trial of labor not attempted.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>


</simpletable>

</section>




</body>
</topic>
