<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="ObligationPolicy" xml:lang="en-us">
<title id="title">ObligationPolicy</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc">
</shortdesc>
<body id="body" >

<section id="generalizations"  audience="developer, modeler">
  <title>Hierarchy</title>
	ObligationPolicy is a kind of <xref href="../t_BasicPolicy.dita">BasicPolicy</xref>	
</section>


<section id="description" audience="developer, modeler, sme">
  <title>Description</title>
	<p>An obligation policy may be used to specify additional privacy preferences specified by a client/patient. An obligation policy may be specified in addition to a ConstraintPolicy to fully describe a patient&apos;s access control preferences. In some cases an obligation policy may be used to indicate that the receiver of an information object may not be allowed to re-disclose it or persist that information object indefinitely. According to ISO 22600-2, ObligationPolicy instances &apos;are event-triggered and define actions to be performed by manager agent&apos;.</p>


	
<simpletable>
 <sthead>
  <stentry>Content</stentry>
  <stentry>Description</stentry>
 </sthead>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>eventCode : <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (0..*)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				This attribute identifies the action required before completing the step in the workflow. We assume it is coded concept but in today&apos;s implementations it&apos;s primarily an ad-hoc rule reference (e.g., the name of a data base stored procedure). An obligation may be associated with the release of an object. For example, it may require a signature. This information is passed as rule for an application to enforce. In other cases it may require that an audit record be created.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>


</simpletable>

</section>




</body>
</topic>
