<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="OrganizationalPatientRepresentative" xml:lang="en-us">
<title id="title">OrganizationalPatientRepresentative</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc">
</shortdesc>
<body id="body" >



<section id="description" audience="developer, modeler, sme">
  <title>Description</title>
	<p>&quot;The name of the organization that serves as a next of kin/associated party or as the next of kin of the patient.  This field may also be used to communicate the name of the organization at which the associated party works.&quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, NK1-13.</p>


	
<simpletable>
 <sthead>
  <stentry>Content</stentry>
  <stentry>Description</stentry>
 </sthead>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>address : <xref href="../t_Address.dita" >Address</xref> (0..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				&quot;The addresses of the contact person depending on the value of the relationship defined in NK1-3 - Relationship.  This field is typically used when the NK1 is an organization.&quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, NK1-32.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>name : <xref href="../t_String.dita" >String</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				&quot;The name of the organization that serves as a next of kin/associated party or as the next of kin of the patient.  This field may also be used to communicate the name of the organization at which the associated party works.&quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, NK1-13.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>phone : <xref href="../t_Telecommunications.dita" >Telecommunications</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				&quot;The telephone numbers of the contact person depending on the value of the relationship defined in NK1-3 - Relationship.  This field is typically needed when the NK1 is an organization.&quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, NK1-31.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>pointOfContactLegalName : <xref href="../t_PersonName.dita" >PersonName</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				&quot;Contains one or more of the names of the person to contact, depending on the value of the relationship defined in NK1-3 - Relationship.  This field is typically needed when the NK1 is an organization.&quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, NK1-30.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>


</simpletable>

</section>




</body>
</topic>
