<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="Patient" xml:lang="en-us">
<title id="title">Patient</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc">
</shortdesc>
<body id="body" >



<section id="description" audience="developer, modeler, sme">
  <title>Description</title>
	<p>A role of a person or animal as a recipient of health care services from a healthcare provider.</p>


	
<simpletable>
 <sthead>
  <stentry>Content</stentry>
  <stentry>Description</stentry>
 </sthead>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>beginDate :  <xref href="../t_PointInTime.dita" >PointInTime</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The first date upon which the Person or Animal was a Patient of the associated Healthcare Provider.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>endDate :  <xref href="../t_PointInTime.dita" >PointInTime</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The last date upon which the Person or Animal was a Patient of the associated Healthcare Provider.  For inactive patients, particularly in outpatient situations, this date is often not known.  Each organization will set its own rules regarding when a patient is no longer considered active, often if they have not seen nor heard from the patient in over a year.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>patientId :  <xref href="../t_Id.dita" >Id</xref> (1..*)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				An identification of the Person or Animal while in the role of Patient.  This Identifier is basically an &quot;account number&quot;.  A single person will have multiple Patient Ids at various healthcare providers.  It is not uncommon for a person to have multiple Patient Ids or &quot;account numbers&quot; at a single institution - often a new account number is created for each episode of care.  This is also the case in long-term care situations, where a new account number may be created each month in order to facilitate monthly billing.</p><p></p><p>&quot;Contains the list of identifiers (one or more) used by the healthcare facility to uniquely identify a patient (e.g., medical record number, billing number, birth registry, national unique individual identifier, etc.).&quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, PID-3.</p><p>&quot;Contains the patient account number assigned by accounting to which all charges, payments, etc., are recorded.  It is used to identify the patient&apos;s account.&quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, PID-18.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>status :  <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Indicates the state of the Patient&apos;s record, as defined in the state-transition model in the HL7 RIM.  Examples include Active, Pending, Terminated, etc.  Additional states might be defined such as &apos;Temporary&apos; or &apos;Permanent&apos;.</p><p></p><p>Note, for public health reporting purposes, this status indicates the active/inactive status of the patient at the provider site level. See MIROW &#8220;Management of Moved or Gone Elsewhere (MOGE) and Other Patient Status Designations in IIS guidelines.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

 <strow>
  <stentry><p>healthRecord : <xref href="../t_HealthRecord.dita" >HealthRecord</xref> (0..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Records regarding the Patient&apos;s healthcare that are subject to the consent rules in Consent Directives.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>healthcareProvider : <xref href="../t_HealthcareProvider.dita" >HealthcareProvider</xref> (1..*)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The Healthcare Provider which has established a Patient record for the Person or Animal being treated.  Note that the Patient class represents a Role that the Person or Animal is playing; the Healtcare Provider is &quot;scoping&quot; that role.  A single Person will have multiple Patient roles with different Healthcare Providers, and may have more than one with the same Provider, especially in in-patient settings.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>patientStatusChange : <xref href="../t_PatientStatusChange.dita" >PatientStatusChange</xref> (0..*)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				A record of changes to a Patient record&apos;s status with a given Healthcare Provider.  This class provides a history of status changes, the dates on which those changes occurred, and provides a reason for the change.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>primaryCareProvider : <xref href="../t_PrimaryCareProvider.dita" >PrimaryCareProvider</xref> (0..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				A doctor selected by the patient to be the first physician contacted for any medical problem. The doctor acts as the patient&apos;s regular physician and coordinates any other care the patient needs, such as a visit to a specialist or hospitalization.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

</simpletable>

</section>




</body>
</topic>
