<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="PatientRecordFlagAssignmentHistory" xml:lang="en-us">
<title id="title">PatientRecordFlagAssignmentHistory</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc">
</shortdesc>
<body id="body" >



<section id="description" audience="developer, modeler, sme">
  <title>Description</title>
	<p>This class contains attributes related to all subsequent action of an original assignment of the flag.  This is the audit information associated with PRF Assignment.   </p>


	
<simpletable>
 <sthead>
  <stentry>Content</stentry>
  <stentry>Description</stentry>
 </sthead>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>assignmentDate :  <xref href="../t_PointInTime.dita" >PointInTime</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The Date and Time of either the initial ASSIGNMENT of the PATIENT RECORD FLAG or the REVIEW Date/Time of the PATIENT RECORD FLAG.  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>assignmentHistoryAction :  <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Indicates the event that created this PRF ASSIGNMENT HISTORY record.  Possible values are New Assignment; Continue; Inactivate; Reactivate; Entered in Error; etc.  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>assignmentHistoryComments :  String (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The comments associated with the patient record flag assignment history.  The history comments should describe the reason that the history record was generated.  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>assignmentHistoryId :  <xref href="../t_Id.dita" >Id</xref> (0..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Internal entry number (IEN) which is assigned to each record of this file.             A unique identifier for the Act. (HL7 3.0)  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

 <strow>
  <stentry><p>author : <xref href="../t_IndividualProvider.dita" >IndividualProvider</xref> (1..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>document : <xref href="../t_ClinicalDocumentEvent.dita" >ClinicalDocumentEvent</xref> (0..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The Progress Note IEN that will be linked to this assignment history record.  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>verifier : <xref href="../t_IndividualProvider.dita" >IndividualProvider</xref> (1..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

</simpletable>

</section>




</body>
</topic>
