<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="PhysicalQuantityInterval" xml:lang="en-us">
<title id="title">PhysicalQuantityInterval</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc">
</shortdesc>
<body id="body" >



<section id="description" audience="developer, modeler, sme">
  <title>Description</title>
	<p>This data type represents an Interval, where the Low and High Limits are Physical Quantities.  An Interval is a &quot;set of consecutive values of an ordered base data type.&quot; - HL7 V3  A Physical Quantity is &quot;a dimensioned quantity expressing the result of measuring&quot; - HL7 V3</p>

	<p>The amount of the therapeutic agent or other substance given at one administration event.</p>


	
<simpletable>
 <sthead>
  <stentry>Content</stentry>
  <stentry>Description</stentry>
 </sthead>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>highUnit :  <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (0..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				&quot;The high limit of the interval.  The high limit SHALL NOT be negative infinity, and SHALL be higher than the low limit if one exists.&quot; - HL7 V3.  This property contains the Unit of Measure of the high limit.
				The unit of measure specified in the Unified Code for Units of Measure (UCUM) [].
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>highValue :  <xref href="../t_Real.dita" >Real</xref> (0..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The magnitude of the quantity measured in terms of the unit.
				&quot;The high limit of the interval.  The high limit SHALL NOT be negative infinity, and SHALL be higher than the low limit if one exists.&quot; - HL7 V3.  This property contains the numeric portion (i.e., not including any units of measure) of the high limit.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>lowUnit :  <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (0..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				&quot;The low limit of the interval.  The low limit SHALL NOT be positive infinity.&quot; - HL7 V3.  This property containsthe Unit of Measure of the low limit.
				The unit of measure specified in the Unified Code for Units of Measure (UCUM) [].
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>lowValue :  <xref href="../t_Real.dita" >Real</xref> (0..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				&quot;The low limit of the interval.  The low limit SHALL NOT be positive infinity.&quot; - HL7 V3  This property contains the numeric portion (i.e., not including any units of measure) of the low limit.
				The magnitude of the quantity measured in terms of the unit.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>


</simpletable>

</section>




</body>
</topic>
