<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="PrescibingProvider" xml:lang="en-us">
<title id="title">PrescibingProvider</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc">
</shortdesc>
<body id="body" >



<section id="description" audience="developer, modeler, sme">
  <title>Description</title>
	<p>Contains information specific to practitioners who are licensed to prescribe medications, especially controlled substances.</p>


	
<simpletable>
 <sthead>
  <stentry>Content</stentry>
  <stentry>Description</stentry>
 </sthead>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>controlledSubstanceLicenseId :  <xref href="../t_Id.dita" >Id</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Identifies the license under which the practitioner is authorized to prescribe controlled medications.</p><p>&quot;Identifies the provider&apos;s controlled substance number, if required, by site.&quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, RXO-14.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>effectiveDateRange :  <xref href="../t_TimeInterval.dita" >TimeInterval</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				An interval of time specifying the period during which the practitioner is authorized to prescribe medications under the associated DEA Id, if such time limit is applicable and known.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>licenseCategory :  <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				A classification of the provider&apos;s license.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>status :  <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Indicates the current state of the providers license to prescribe medications.  The possible values are defined in the HL7 Role state-transition model.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

 <strow>
  <stentry><p>licensingJurisdiction : <xref href="../t_Jurisdiction.dita" >Jurisdiction</xref> (1..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Identifies the state or jurisdiction which authorized the Healthcare Provider to prescribe medications  Note that a state or jurisdiction is an Organization.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

</simpletable>

</section>




</body>
</topic>
