<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="PrivacyRule" xml:lang="en-us">
<title id="title">PrivacyRule</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc">
</shortdesc>
<body id="body" >



<section id="description" audience="developer, modeler, sme">
  <title>Description</title>
	<p>A privacy or consent rule specifies the permission allowed to a user type by the consenter for a specific type of information. The person consenting may be either the subject of the record or a designated Substitute Decision Maker. One or more consent rules comprise a consent directive or privacy policy.</p>


	
<simpletable>
 <sthead>
  <stentry>Content</stentry>
  <stentry>Description</stentry>
 </sthead>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>effectiveTime : <xref href="../t_PointInTime.dita" >PointInTime</xref> (1..1)</p> 

</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				This attribute specifies the date/time when the Privacy Policy comes into effect.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>enablesOperation : <xref href="../t_Boolean.dita" >Boolean</xref> (1..1)</p> 

</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Enables the operation (e.g., disclosure) or disables it depending on its value.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>obligationCode : <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (0..1)</p> 

</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				This coded attribute specifies a pre-defined obligation associated with a policy or consent.    The Obligation Code is an Act.Code
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>purpose : <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (0..1)</p> 

</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				This attribute is used to specify the purpose to permit a specific type of action/operation according to the policy. Example: TREATMENT    The PurposeCode is an Act.ReasonCode
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

 <strow>
  <stentry><p>includedRole : <xref href="../t_UserRole.dita" >UserRole</xref> (0..-1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Identifies a particular the role of a user of a computer system that is referenced by the Privacy Rule.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>informationType : <xref href="../t_InformationReference.dita" >InformationReference</xref> (0..-1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Identifies the type of protected information referenced by the Privacy Rule.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>operation : <xref href="../t_Operation.dita" >Operation</xref> (1..-1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Identifies the type of operation (i.e., collection, access, use, or disclosure) of a specific type of protected information referenced by the Privacy Rule.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

</simpletable>

</section>




</body>
</topic>
