<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="PrivacyPolicy" xml:lang="en-us">
<title id="title">PrivacyPolicy</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc">
</shortdesc>
<body id="body" >



<section id="description" audience="developer, modeler, sme">
  <title>Description</title>
	<p>This is the main/focal class for electronic privacy policies. It contains a set of rules that are intended to be enforced by security systems and are used as the basis for client consent directives.</p>


	
<simpletable>
 <sthead>
  <stentry>Content</stentry>
  <stentry>Description</stentry>
 </sthead>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>description :  String (0..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				This attribute is a narrative description of the privacy policy.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>policyId :  <xref href="../t_Id.dita" >Id</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				This attribute specifies the unique identifier of for a privacy policy.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

 <strow>
  <stentry><p>authority : <xref href="../t_Authority.dita" >Authority</xref> (0..*)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				This is an association to the Authority that issued the policy.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>grantee : <xref href="../t_Grantee.dita" >Grantee</xref> (0..*)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Designates who/what has been delegated a specific right.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>privacyRuleList : <xref href="../t_PrivacyRuleList.dita" >PrivacyRuleList</xref> (0..*)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				A list of zero or more privacy rules applicable to this consent directive.  A privacy rule specifies the permission allowed to a user type by the consenter for a specific type of information. The person consenting may be either the subject of the record or a designated Substitute Decision Maker. One or more consent rules comprise a consent directive or privacy policy.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

</simpletable>

</section>




</body>
</topic>
