<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="ProstheticsPromise" xml:lang="en-us">
<title id="title">ProstheticsPromise</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc">
</shortdesc>
<body id="body" >



<section id="description" audience="developer, modeler, sme">
  <title>Description</title>
	<p>The act of accepting the role of fulfiller. This is the act of accepting  a prosthetic request. The ProthetictPromise act identifies a fulfiller promise for a prosteitic transaction.</p>


	
<simpletable>
 <sthead>
  <stentry>Content</stentry>
  <stentry>Description</stentry>
 </sthead>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>accessionDate : <xref href="../t_PointInTime.dita" >PointInTime</xref> (1..1)</p> 

</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The date that a transaction was entered to a system. It may be the date the transaction was initiated.  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>deliveryDate : <xref href="../t_PointInTime.dita" >PointInTime</xref> (1..1)</p> 

</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The date that the order was closed. 
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>description : <xref href="../t_String.dita" >String</xref> (1..1)</p> 

</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				A textual representation of the nature and characteristics of the item.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>id : <xref href="../t_Id.dita" >Id</xref> (1..1)</p> 

</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				A unique identifier for the Act (HL7 3.0)
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>transactionForm : <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 

</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Identifies the paper form on which the transaction is tracked.   Possible values include: PSC, 2237, 2421, 2431, 2474, 2520, 2529-3, 2529-7, 2914, Inventory Issue, Lab Issue-3, Stock Issue, Visa, Other.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

 <strow>
  <stentry><p>hcpcsProcedureList : <xref href="../t_ProcedureListEntry.dita" >ProcedureListEntry</xref> (0..-1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>issuedItem : <xref href="../t_IssuedItem.dita" >IssuedItem</xref> (1..-1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Information pertinent to the issued for the  patient.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>issuingLocation : <xref href="../t_ServiceDeliveryLocation.dita" >ServiceDeliveryLocation</xref> (1..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The station to which the prosthetic transaction is assigned. The station is responsible for the issue and payment for the prosthetic device.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>relatedProstheticsPromise : <xref href="../t_RelatedProstheticsPromise.dita" >RelatedProstheticsPromise</xref> (0..-1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>request : <xref href="../t_ProstheticsRequest.dita" >ProstheticsRequest</xref> (0..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				requested information about the prosthetic.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>visit : <xref href="../t_EncounterEvent.dita" >EncounterEvent</xref> (0..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				An interaction between a patient and a practitioner under the auspices of a given organization for the purpose of providing healthcare-related service(s).
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

</simpletable>

</section>




</body>
</topic>
