<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="RadiologyPromise" xml:lang="en-us">
<title id="title">RadiologyPromise</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc">
</shortdesc>
<body id="body" >



<section id="description" audience="developer, modeler, sme">
  <title>Description</title>
	<p>This class contain attributes associated with Radiology Promise Event. File 70.</p>


	
<simpletable>
 <sthead>
  <stentry>Content</stentry>
  <stentry>Description</stentry>
 </sthead>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>accessionDate : <xref href="../t_PointInTime.dita" >PointInTime</xref> (1..1)</p> 

</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The date and time of this Imaging exam.    
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>accessionId : <xref href="../t_Id.dita" >Id</xref> (1..1)</p> 

</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				A unique identifier for the Radiology Event (File 70).  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>imagingType : <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 

</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Indicates the type of imaging used for this exam.  (Coded value from File 79.2.) Possible values are General Radiology; Nuclear Medicine; Nuclear Magnetic Resonance; Ultrasound; etc.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>isPartOfSet : <xref href="../t_Boolean.dita" >Boolean</xref> (1..1)</p> 

</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Whether this exams under this date/time are part of the same set of exams. Possible values are Yes; etc  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>patientDescription : <xref href="../t_String.dita" >String</xref> (1..1)</p> 

</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Contains a brief note about this Radiology/Nuclear Medicine patient.  It may describe the personality or any unusual characteristic to identify this Radiology/Nuclear Medicine patient.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

 <strow>
  <stentry><p>division : <xref href="../t_Division.dita" >Division</xref> (1..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>imagingLocation : <xref href="../t_ImagingLocation.dita" >ImagingLocation</xref> (1..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>radiologicExamination : <xref href="../t_RadiologicExamination.dita" >RadiologicExamination</xref> (0..-1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>radiologyNuclearMedicineOrder : <xref href="../t_RadiologyNuclearMedicineRequest.dita" >RadiologyNuclearMedicineRequest</xref> (1..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

</simpletable>

</section>




</body>
</topic>
