<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="RateQuantity" xml:lang="en-us">
<title id="title">RateQuantity</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc">
</shortdesc>
<body id="body" >



<section id="description" audience="developer, modeler, sme">
  <title>Description</title>
	<p>Rate: &quot;A certain quantity or amount of one thing considered in relation to a unit of another thing and used as a standard  or measure: at the rate of 60 miles an hour.&quot; - Dictionary.com  This class represents a ratio of some Physical Quantity over a period of time.  This class is structurally similar to  other Ratio classes (e.g., IntegerRatio), except the denominator is by definition a TimeQuantity.</p>

	<p>Identifies the speed with which the substance is introduced into the subject. Expressed as a physical (extensive) quantity over elapsed time (e.g., examples are 100 mL/h, 1 g/d, 40 mmol/h, etc.)</p>


	
<simpletable>
 <sthead>
  <stentry>Content</stentry>
  <stentry>Description</stentry>
 </sthead>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>denominator :  <xref href="../t_TimeQuantity.dita" >TimeQuantity</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The quantity that divides the numerator in the ratio. The default is the integer number 1 (one.) The denominator must not be zero.
				&quot;The quantity that divides the numerator in the ratio. The denominator SHALL not be zero.&quot; - HL7 V3  This property is by definition a period of time, with the unit almost always one.  For example, one hour, one minute, etc.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>numerator :  <xref href="../t_PhysicalQuantity.dita" >PhysicalQuantity</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The quantity that is being divided in the ratio. The default is the integer number 1
				&quot;The quantity that is being divided in the ratio. The default is the integer number 1 (one).&quot; - HL7 V3
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>


</simpletable>

</section>




</body>
</topic>
