<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="SocialWorkCase" xml:lang="en-us">
<title id="title">SocialWorkCase</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc">
</shortdesc>
<body id="body" >



<section id="description" audience="developer, modeler, sme">
  <title>Description</title>
	<p> Various professional services, activities, or methods concretely concerned with the support, treatment, and material  designed to aid and to increase the welfare of the patient.  </p>


	
<simpletable>
 <sthead>
  <stentry>Content</stentry>
  <stentry>Description</stentry>
 </sthead>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>costCenter : <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 

</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Contains information that is used for the Cost Distribution Center section of the patient.  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>dateCaseClosed : <xref href="../t_PointInTime.dita" >PointInTime</xref> (1..1)</p> 

</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Contains the date closed to a particular social worker.   
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>dateCaseOpened : <xref href="../t_PointInTime.dita" >PointInTime</xref> (1..1)</p> 

</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Contains the date the case was opened to the Social Work service.  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>diagnosticCategory : <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 

</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				A categorization of the patient&apos;s diagnosis, typically used for Residential Care Homes.  Possible values include: Medical/Surgical, Psychosis, Organic and Senile Brain Disease, Substance Abuse, etc.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>dispositionFromRch : <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 

</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Contains the codes that identify the patient&apos;s disposition from the residential care home.  &apos;1&apos; FOR INDIVIDUAL; &apos;2&apos; FOR HOSPITAL; &apos;3&apos; FOR OTHER INSTITUTIONAL; &apos;4&apos; FOR DEATH; &apos;5&apos; FOR TRANSFER;  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>id : <xref href="../t_Id.dita" >Id</xref> (1..1)</p> 

</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				This is the unique Id number to identify each case that is opened.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>isConsultationOnly : <xref href="../t_Boolean.dita" >Boolean</xref> (1..1)</p> 

</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				This field is used to indicate if the case is for consultation purposes only.  &apos;1&apos; FOR YES; &apos;0&apos; FOR NO;  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>isPatientCompetent : <xref href="../t_Boolean.dita" >Boolean</xref> (1..1)</p> 

</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Indicates  the competency status of the residential care home patient.  &apos;I&apos; FOR INCOMPETENT; &apos;0&apos; FOR COMPETENT;  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>levelOfCare : <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 

</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Contains information used to show the level of care that a patient receives while in the residential care home program.  &apos;1&apos; FOR LIGHT; &apos;2&apos; FOR MODERATE; &apos;3&apos; FOR HEAVY;  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>priorLivingArrangement : <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 

</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Contains information that identifies the location of the patient prior to being placed in a residential care home.  (RCH only).  &apos;1&apos; FOR OWN HOME; &apos;2&apos; FOR VA NHCU;   &apos;3&apos; FOR VA HOSPITAL- EXCESS OF 60 DAYS; &apos;4&apos; FOR NON-VA HOSPITAL; &apos;5&apos; FOR VA DOMICILIARY; &apos;6&apos; FOR VA CONTRACT NH; &apos;7&apos; FOR NON-VA NH; &apos;8&apos; FOR NON-VA RESIDENTIAL RESOURCE; &apos;9&apos; FOR VA CONTRACT CARE (NON NH); &apos;10&apos; FOR OTHER;&quot;   
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>reasonCaseOpened : <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 

</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Contains a short textual description of why the case was opened.  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>remarks : <xref href="../t_String.dita" >String</xref> (1..1)</p> 

</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Contains information that allows workers to enter identifying information on certain cases. For instance, if a patient is placed in a contract nursing home, the worker can use this field to abbreviate the name of the nursing home - Civic Center would be Civic.  This field can be used as a ready reference to where their cases are.  It can be used to identify special categories on wards such as POW, Agent Orange, etc.  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>specialPopulationCategory : <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 

</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Contains information that is used to show what special population the patient may be a member of, for example, HIV, Homeless, RCH, etc.  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>wereResourcesOrReferralsAssigned : <xref href="../t_Boolean.dita" >Boolean</xref> (1..1)</p> 

</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Indicates if any resources/referrals are being assigned.  &apos;1&apos; FOR YES; &apos;0&apos; FOR NO;  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

 <strow>
  <stentry><p>accomondationArrangement : <xref href="../t_SocialWorkPlacement.dita" >SocialWorkPlacement</xref> (0..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				This is the association to the social workers placement of the patient.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>directServiceProvided : <xref href="../t_ServiceProvision.dita" >ServiceProvision</xref> (0..-1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Contains information of the various directed professional services, activities, or methods concretely concerned with the support, treatment, and material designed to aid and to increase the welfare of the patient.  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>problemsEncountered : <xref href="../t_ProblemsEncountered.dita" >ProblemsEncountered</xref> (0..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				This the association to the information about problems encountered for the patients case.    
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>resourceOrReferral : <xref href="../t_ResourceOrReferral.dita" >ResourceOrReferral</xref> (0..-1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				This is the association to the  information about the resources or referrals that were made for this case.  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>socialWorkPatient : <xref href="../t_SocialWorkPatient.dita" >SocialWorkPatient</xref> (1..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>socialWorker : <xref href="../t_IndividualProvider.dita" >IndividualProvider</xref> (1..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

</simpletable>

</section>




</body>
</topic>
