<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="SoftTissueExam" xml:lang="en-us">
<title id="title">SoftTissueExam</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc">
</shortdesc>
<body id="body" >



<section id="description" audience="developer, modeler, sme">
  <title>Description</title>
	<p>This class identifies observations outcome related to Soft Tissue (Head &amp;amp;amp; Neck) Exam.</p>


	
<simpletable>
 <sthead>
  <stentry>Content</stentry>
  <stentry>Description</stentry>
 </sthead>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>comments : <xref href="../t_String.dita" >String</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Remarks by the Provider on HeadNeck findings.  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>headNeckDescription : <xref href="../t_String.dita" >String</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Remarks by the Provider on HeadNeck findings.  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>id : <xref href="../t_Id.dita" >Id</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				This is the unique identifier of the dental encounter record.    
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>isResolved : <xref href="../t_Boolean.dita" >Boolean</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Indicates whether or not this head &amp;amp;amp; neck transaction has been resolved.  Possible values are TRUE; FALSE  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>markerColor : <xref href="../t_Real.dita" >Real</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The color of the marker used to indicate the lesion used in treatment planning  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>markerShape : <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The shape of the marker used to indicate the lesion used in treatment planning.   Possible values are rectangle; square; oval; circle; rounded rectangle; rounded square.  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>markerSize : <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The size of the marker used to indicate the lesion used in treatment planning  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>xCoordinate : <xref href="../t_Integer.dita" >Integer</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				This is the X coordinate for the lesion.  DRM Plus Program Specific.  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>yCoordinate : <xref href="../t_Integer.dita" >Integer</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				This is the Y coordinate for the lesion.   DRM Plus Program Specific.  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

 <strow>
  <stentry><p>dentalProcedure : <xref href="../t_DentalProcedure.dita" >DentalProcedure</xref> (0..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Dental Procedure provided.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>masterLesionRecord : <xref href="../t_SoftTissueExam.dita" >SoftTissueExam</xref> (0..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

</simpletable>

</section>




</body>
</topic>
