<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="SpecimenHandling" xml:lang="en-us">
<title id="title">SpecimenHandling</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc">
</shortdesc>
<body id="body" >



<section id="description" audience="developer, modeler, sme">
  <title>Description</title>
	<p>This class contains information regarding the transportation or storage of a specimen.  Information may be recorded for both storage and transportation about the minimum and maximum temperatures to which the specimen was exposed.  Subtypes of this class deal with specific requirements for storage and transportation.</p><p></p><p>Note that we need to model more details regarding chain of custody in general and the storage and handling of specimens in specific in future modeling iterations.  We may also need a shipping-container assessment, not just specimen assessment.</p>


	
<simpletable>
 <sthead>
  <stentry>Content</stentry>
  <stentry>Description</stentry>
 </sthead>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>dateTimeBegin : <xref href="../t_PointInTime.dita" >PointInTime</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The date time upon which the specimen handling commenced.  For Specimen Transportation, this would be the date/time that the specimen was sent.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>dateTimeEnd : <xref href="../t_PointInTime.dita" >PointInTime</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The date time upon which the specimen handling ended.  For Specimen Transportation, this would be the date/time that the specimen was received.</p><p></p><p>&quot;The time that the specimen is received at the diagnostic service.  The actual time that is recorded is based on how specimen receipt is managed and may correspond to the time the sample is logged in.&quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, SPM-18.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>highTemperature : <xref href="../t_PhysicalQuantity.dita" >PhysicalQuantity</xref> (0..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The maximum temperature to which the specimen was exposed during the Specimen Handling episode described by this class.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>lowTemperature : <xref href="../t_PhysicalQuantity.dita" >PhysicalQuantity</xref> (0..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The minimum temperature to which the specimen was exposed during the Specimen Handling episode described by this class.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>


</simpletable>

</section>




</body>
</topic>
