<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="SpecimenAssessment" xml:lang="en-us">
<title id="title">SpecimenAssessment</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc">
</shortdesc>
<body id="body" >



<section id="description" audience="developer, modeler, sme">
  <title>Description</title>
	<p>This class contains observations regarding the Specimen.  Such observations, or assessments, of the Specimen are performed by the laboratory upon initial receipt, although periodic assessments may be performed later, especially when the Specimen is in long-term storage, or when some change in custody has occurred.  The assessment also contains information concerning the handling of the Specimen, such as storage or transportation information.</p>


	
<simpletable>
 <sthead>
  <stentry>Content</stentry>
  <stentry>Description</stentry>
 </sthead>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>appropriateness :  <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				&quot;The suitability of the specimen for the particular planned use as determined by the filler.&quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, SPM-23.  Possible values include (from HL7 Table 492): Preferred; Appropriate; Inappropriate; Inappropriate due to....
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>containerCondition :  <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				&quot;In chain of custody cases where specimens are moved from lab to lab, the status of the container that the specimen is shipped in must be recorded at each receipt.  If the container is compromised in any way (seal broken, container cracked or leaking, etc) then this needs to be recorded for legal reasons.&quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, SPM-28.  Note that HL7 identifies a Code Table (Table 544) for this property, which currently contains 21 suggested values.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>currentQuantity :  <xref href="../t_PhysicalQuantity.dita" >PhysicalQuantity</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				&quot;The amount of specimen that currently exists or is available for use in further testing.&quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, SPM-25.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>dateTime :  <xref href="../t_PointInTime.dita" >PointInTime</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The date/time that the Specimen Assessment was performed
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>isSpecimenAvailable :  Boolean (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				&quot;Describes whether the specimen, as it exists, is currently available to use in an analysis.&quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, SPM-20.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>numberOfContainers :  Integer (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				&quot;The number of containers for a given sample.  For sample receipt verification purposes; may be different from the total number of samples that accompany the order.&quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, OBR-37 and SPM-26.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>rejectReason :  <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				&quot;Describes one or more reasons the specimen is rejected for the specified observation/result/analysis.&quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, SPM-21.  Possible values include (from HL7 Table 490): Expired; Quantity not sufficient; Broken container; Clotting; Missing collection date; Missing patient ID number; Missing patient name; Hemolysis; Identification problem; Labeling; Contamination; Missing phlebotomist ID; Improper storage; Name misspelling.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>specimenCondition :  <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (0..*)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				&quot;A mode or state of being that describes the nature of the specimen.&quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, SPM-24.  Possible values include (from HL7 Table 493): Autolyzed; Clotted; Contaminated; Cool; Frozen; Hemolyzed; Live; Room temperature; Sample not received.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>specimenQuality :  <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				&quot;The degree or grade of excellence of the specimen at receipt.&quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, SPM-22.  Possible values include (from HL7 Table 491): Excellent; Good; Fair; Poor.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>temperature :  <xref href="../t_PhysicalQuantity.dita" >PhysicalQuantity</xref> (0..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				&quot;Identifies the specimen temperature in degrees Celsius&quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, SAC-31.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

 <strow>
  <stentry><p>specimen : <xref href="../t_Specimen.dita" >Specimen</xref> (0..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Identifies the specimen associated with the assessment, and therefore to which the assessment data pertains.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>specimenHandling : <xref href="../t_SpecimenHandling.dita" >SpecimenHandling</xref> (0..*)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Points to information regarding the transportation or storage of a specimen.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

</simpletable>

</section>




</body>
</topic>
