<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="SurgicalEvent" xml:lang="en-us">
<title id="title">SurgicalEvent</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc">
</shortdesc>
<body id="body" >

<section id="generalizations"  audience="developer, modeler">
  <title>Hierarchy</title>
	SurgicalEvent is a kind of <xref href="../t_ClinicalService.dita">ClinicalService</xref>	
</section>


<section id="description" audience="developer, modeler, sme">
  <title>Description</title>
	<p>Surgical operation or procedure, especially one involving the removal or replacement of a diseased organ or tissue.  </p>


	
<simpletable>
 <sthead>
  <stentry>Content</stentry>
  <stentry>Description</stentry>
 </sthead>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>id : <xref href="../t_Id.dita" >Id</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Unique Identifier for this  surgical event.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>isNonORSurgicalProcedure : <xref href="../t_Boolean.dita" >Boolean</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Indicates whether  the case is a non surgical event.  Like values are yes, no 
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>preOpInrDate : <xref href="../t_PointInTime.dita" >PointInTime</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				This is the date that the preoperative INR was performed.  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>severityLevel : <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Codes that identify the  degree of severity of the surgical procedure.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>status : <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The value specifying the state of this patient surgical encounter (based on the RIM Act class state machine), for example, active, aborted, completed  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>supervisionLevel : <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Indicates the highest level of supervision of the anesthesiology staff supervisor.  Suggested include Staff Assisting Resident.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>surgeryDuration : <xref href="../t_TimeInterval.dita" >TimeInterval</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Contains the duration (date/time) of the Surgical Event.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>surgeryType : <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Contains Code Set that identifies the type of Surgery. like Heart, Onocology. 
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

 <strow>
  <stentry><p>anesthesia : <xref href="../t_AnesthesiaEvent.dita" >AnesthesiaEvent</xref> (1..*)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The loss of sensation and usually of consciousness without loss of vital functions artificially produced by the administration of one or more agents that block the passage of pain impulses along nerve pathways to the brain   Source: Merriam-Webster&apos;s Medical Dictionary,   2002 Merriam-Webster, Inc.  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>assessment : <xref href="../t_SurgeryAssessment.dita" >SurgeryAssessment</xref> (0..*)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				A test or instrument, often a questionaire, used to evaluate or assess the patient&apos;s health, within the context of the surgical event.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>attender : <xref href="../t_Attender.dita" >Attender</xref> (1..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>bodyFluid : <xref href="../t_BodilyFluidAdministration.dita" >BodilyFluidAdministration</xref> (1..*)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The liquid parts of the body 
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>cellSaver : <xref href="../t_CellSaverEvent.dita" >CellSaverEvent</xref> (1..*)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Cell Saver for the surgical event
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>comments : <xref href="../t_CommentEvent.dita" >CommentEvent</xref> (0..*)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Contains general comments regarding the Surigcal event.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>concurrentCase : <xref href="../t_SurgicalEvent.dita" >SurgicalEvent</xref> (0..*)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The current surgical event for the Patient.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>device : <xref href="../t_SurgeryDevice.dita" >SurgeryDevice</xref> (1..*)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				A piece of equipment and or a mechanism designed to serve a special purpose or perform a special function.  This class represents devices used to perform a surgery, such as lasers, as well as devices that might be implanted in the patient as a result of the surgery, such as a prosthesis or a stent.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>electrodePosition : <xref href="../t_ElectrodePositionProcedure.dita" >ElectrodePositionProcedure</xref> (0..*)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Identifies a position corresponding to the area of placement of the dispersive electrode pad.  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>equipmentMeasurement : <xref href="../t_EquipmentMeasurementEvent.dita" >EquipmentMeasurementEvent</xref> (0..*)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The dimension, quantity, or capacity determined by measuring a peice of equipment.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>equipmentSterilization : <xref href="../t_EquipmentSterilizationEvent.dita" >EquipmentSterilizationEvent</xref> (0..*)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Sterliizes the equipment and provides the sterilization number of the implanted device
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>equipmentUtilization : <xref href="../t_EquipmentUtilizationObservation.dita" >EquipmentUtilizationObservation</xref> (0..*)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Contains the Date and time  and  durationthe piece of Equipment was in use.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>fluidAudit : <xref href="../t_FluidAudit.dita" >FluidAudit</xref> (1..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				A methodical examination or review of the fluid utilized in the surgical event.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>function : <xref href="../t_SurgeonFunction.dita" >SurgeonFunction</xref> (1..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				 Assigned duty or activity performed by the medical specialist who performs surgery :  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>image : <xref href="../t_RadiologyPromise.dita" >RadiologyPromise</xref> (1..*)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Identifies the image.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>irrigation : <xref href="../t_IrrigationEvent.dita" >IrrigationEvent</xref> (1..*)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				cleaning a wound or body organ by flushing or washing out with water or a medicated solution   
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>labRequest : <xref href="../t_LabTestRequest.dita" >LabTestRequest</xref> (1..*)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Request for lab tests to be performed
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>location : <xref href="../t_ServiceDeliveryLocation.dita" >ServiceDeliveryLocation</xref> (1..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Defines the location ward room, and service organization for the surgical event.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>medicalSpecialty : <xref href="../t_MedicalSpecialty.dita" >MedicalSpecialty</xref> (0..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Identifies the medical specialty credited for doing this non-OR procedure.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>occurrence : <xref href="../t_OccurrenceAssessment.dita" >OccurrenceAssessment</xref> (0..*)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Identifies the non surgical procedure/s that were performed during the Surgical process.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>physiologicMonitoring : <xref href="../t_PhysiologicMonitoringEvent.dita" >PhysiologicMonitoringEvent</xref> (0..*)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Monitor the differing in, involving, or affecting physiological factors.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>preOpInrLabRequest : <xref href="../t_LabTestRequest.dita" >LabTestRequest</xref> (1..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				PreOpInr request for lab test to be performed
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>relatedCase : <xref href="../t_SurgicalEvent.dita" >SurgicalEvent</xref> (1..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The related surgical event for the  current surgical event for the Patient.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>restraintPosition : <xref href="../t_RestraintPositionEvent.dita" >RestraintPositionEvent</xref> (0..*)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				An instrument or a means of restraint to prevent the infliction of harm to self or others, such as a straightjacket.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>skinPrep : <xref href="../t_SkinPrepEvent.dita" >SkinPrepEvent</xref> (0..*)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The act of preparing the patient&apos;s operative site by washing the site with a disinfectant agent.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>surgeon : <xref href="../t_PrimaryPerformer.dita" >PrimaryPerformer</xref> (1..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>surgeryCategory : <xref href="../t_SurgeonCategory.dita" >SurgeonCategory</xref> (1..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Identifies the category of the surgeon.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>surgeryPatientMovement : <xref href="../t_SurgeryPatientMovement.dita" >SurgeryPatientMovement</xref> (0..*)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>surgicalSpecialty : <xref href="../t_SurgicalSpecialty.dita" >SurgicalSpecialty</xref> (1..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				This is the surgical specialty credited for doing this operative procedure. Many reports, including the Annual Report of Surgical Procedures, are sorted by the surgical specialty
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>tourniquet : <xref href="../t_TourniquetEvent.dita" >TourniquetEvent</xref> (0..*)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				A device, typically a tightly encircling bandage, used to check bleeding by temporarily stopping the flow of blood through a large artery in a limb.  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>treatment : <xref href="../t_Treatment.dita" >Treatment</xref> (0..*)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Administration or application of remedies to a patient or for a disease or an injury; medicinal or surgical management; therapy.  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>verification : <xref href="../t_Verification.dita" >Verification</xref> (1..*)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Contains dates that verifications were completed.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>verifier : <xref href="../t_Verifier.dita" >Verifier</xref> (0..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

</simpletable>

</section>




</body>
</topic>
