<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="TreatmentPlanService" xml:lang="en-us">
<title id="title">TreatmentPlanService</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc">
</shortdesc>
<body id="body" >



<section id="description" audience="developer, modeler, sme">
  <title>Description</title>
	<p>Includes information related to the dental services provided for the patient.  </p>


	
<simpletable>
 <sthead>
  <stentry>Content</stentry>
  <stentry>Description</stentry>
 </sthead>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>aspect :  <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Identifies graphical representation of the tooth this treatment applies to.  DRM Plus Program Specific.  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>canalNbr :  String (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Indicates the number of root canals that were involved.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>createDate :  <xref href="../t_PointInTime.dita" >PointInTime</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Date treatment was recorded.  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>isJuvenile :  Boolean (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>isPlan :  Boolean (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Whether the planned treatment will be performed during the patient&apos;s next appointment.  Possible values are Yes, No etc.  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>isVisible :  Boolean (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>oralRegion :  <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Identifies the area of the dental  treatment.  Possible Values are areNone;  areOneSurf; areTwoSurfs;  areThreeSurfs; areFourormoreSurfs;            areWholeTooth; areQuadrant; areSextant ; areArch; areHeader etc.  DRM Plus Program Specific.  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>rvu :  Integer (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Indicates whether or not a user can delete this record from treatment plan.  Possible values are Yes, No, etc.  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>surfaceRoots :  <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Text string that identifies the surfaces that were involved in the treatment.  DRM Plus Program Specific.  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>toothNumber :  Integer (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Tooth number which require a tooth related treatment.  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>treatmentCategory :  String (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Optional category that this item falls under in treatment planning and sequencing.  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>treatmentId :  <xref href="../t_Id.dita" >Id</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				A unique identifier of a specific treatment.  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>treatmentPhase :  Integer (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Identifies the phase of this treatment.  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>treatmentStatus :  <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Identifies the status of the treatment.  DRM Plus Program Specific.  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>treatmentType :  <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Identifies type of treatment.  Possible values are Transaction; PerioExam; PSR; Head&amp;amp;amp;Neck etc.  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

 <strow>
  <stentry><p>dataEnterer : <xref href="../t_DataEnterer.dita" >DataEnterer</xref> (0..*)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>dentalActivitySystem : <xref href="../t_DentalActivitySystemReporting.dita" >DentalActivitySystemReporting</xref> (1..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				This is an association to Dental Activity System (DAS)
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>dentalProcedure : <xref href="../t_DentalProcedure.dita" >DentalProcedure</xref> (0..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Dental Procedure Provided.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>headAndNeck : <xref href="../t_SoftTissueExam.dita" >SoftTissueExam</xref> (0..*)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Head and Neck realted observation.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>materialUsed : <xref href="../t_DentalMaterial.dita" >DentalMaterial</xref> (0..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Material Used in a treatment.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>periodontalExamination : <xref href="../t_PeriodontalObservation.dita" >PeriodontalObservation</xref> (0..*)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>plaqueObservation : <xref href="../t_PlaqueObservation.dita" >PlaqueObservation</xref> (0..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>practitioner : <xref href="../t_IndividualProvider.dita" >IndividualProvider</xref> (0..*)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>treatmentCondition : <xref href="../t_TreatmentCondition.dita" >TreatmentCondition</xref> (0..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Treatment condition.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

</simpletable>

</section>




</body>
</topic>
