<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="BasicPolicy" xml:lang="en-us">
<title id="title">BasicPolicy</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc">
</shortdesc>
<body id="body" >

<section id="generalizations"  audience="developer, modeler">
  <title>Hierarchy</title>
	BasicPolicy is a kind of <xref href="../t_Policy.dita">Policy</xref>	
</section>


<section id="description" audience="developer, modeler, sme">
  <title>Description</title>
	<p>This is the base class for a variety of policy types. It extends the abstract Policy class and provides additional attributes. This class may be used to instantiate specific policies. ISO-22600 specifies a security policy as &apos;plan or course of action adopted for providing computer security&apos;. BasicPolicy a specialization of the abstract Policy class and thus inherits all its attributes. It also defines additional attributes and associations:</p>


	
<simpletable>
 <sthead>
  <stentry>Content</stentry>
  <stentry>Description</stentry>
 </sthead>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>allowableAccessTime : <xref href="../t_TimeInterval.dita" >TimeInterval</xref> (0..*)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				An access may be allowed only during specific time periods of the day (e.g., 9 am to 5 pm).
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>purposeOfUse : <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				This attribute is used to specify the purpose to permit a specific type of action/operation according to the policy. The vocabulary analysis section provides additional illustrative values for the concept embodied by this attribute. 
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>route : <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				This attribute specifies whether access to protected information may only be granted for a specified route of access.  For example, access may be restricted to remote users using a Virtual Private Network (VPN). The route is a context qualifier as specified by ISO/IEC 10164-9.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

 <strow>
  <stentry><p>informationReference : <xref href="../t_InformationReference.dita" >InformationReference</xref> (0..*)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				This association references the attributes of the information referenced in the policy. 
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>operationType : <xref href="../t_Operation.dita" >Operation</xref> (0..*)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				This association refers to the operation associated with the policy.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

</simpletable>

</section>




</body>
</topic>
