<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="CancerStaging" xml:lang="en-us">
<title id="title">CancerStaging</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc">
</shortdesc>
<body id="body" >



<section id="description" audience="developer, modeler, sme">
  <title>Description</title>
	<p>This class contains information related to cancer staging that describes the extent or severity of an individual s cancer.</p>


	
<simpletable>
 <sthead>
  <stentry>Content</stentry>
  <stentry>Description</stentry>
 </sthead>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>clinicalStageGroup :  <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Identifies the anatomic extent of disease based on the T , N, and M elements as recorded by the physician.  Possible values are Stage 0; Stage 0A; Stage 0is; Stage I,Stage IA; Stage IA1;Stage IA2; Stage IIB; Stage IVC; Not applicable; Unknown; etc.  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>clinicalStagedBy :  <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Identifies the person who recorded the AJCC staging elements and the stage group in the patient&apos;s medical record.  Possible values are Not staged; Managing MD; Pathologist; Pathologist &amp;amp;amp; managing MD; Committee chair, liaison MD, registry advisor; Registrar;  Registrar &amp;amp;amp; MD;  Another facility;  NA; Unknown; etc.  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>lymphaticVesselInvasion :  <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Identifies whether lymphatic vessel invasion was involved.  Possible values are Lymphatic vessel invasion cannot be assessed; No lymphatic vessel invasion; Lymphatic vessel invasion; etc.  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>pathologicStageGroup :  <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Identifies the anatomic extent of disease based on the T, N, and M elements as recorded by the physician.  Possible values are Stage 0; Stage 0a; Stage 0s; Stage Ois; Stage II; Stage IIA; Stage IVB; Stage IVC; Not Applicable; unknown; etc.  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>pathologicStagedBy :  <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Identifies the person who recorded the pathologic AJCC staging elements and the stage group in the patient&apos;s medical record. Possible values are Not staged; Managing MD; Pathologist; Pathologist &amp;amp;amp; managing MD; Committee chair, liaison MD, registry advisor; Registrar; Registrar &amp;amp;amp; MD; Another facility; NA; Unknown; etc.  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>physiciansStage :  String (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Indicates information regarding the physician&apos;s stage  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>stageGroupingAjcc :  <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				This field is set by either the CLINCICAL STAGE GROUP (38) or PATHOLOGIC STAGE GROUP (88) field depending on which takes precedence.  It consists of the more general stage group values of 0, I, II, III, IV, Unk/Uns or NA.  G302  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>venousInvasion :  <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Indicates whether venous invasion was involved.  Possible values are Venous invasion cannot be assessed; No venous invasion; Microscopic venous invasion; Macroscopic venous invasion; etc.  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

 <strow>
  <stentry><p>stagingPhysician : <xref href="../t_Author.dita" >Author</xref> (1..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

</simpletable>

</section>




</body>
</topic>
