<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="CancerTreatmentEvaluation" xml:lang="en-us">
<title id="title">CancerTreatmentEvaluation</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc">
</shortdesc>
<body id="body" >



<section id="description" audience="developer, modeler, sme">
  <title>Description</title>
	<p>Contains information pertinent to the followup of the all the treatments other than Radiation Treatment.</p>


	
<simpletable>
 <sthead>
  <stentry>Content</stentry>
  <stentry>Description</stentry>
 </sthead>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>crohnsDisease : <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (0..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Indicates the appropriate code for whether Crohn&apos;s disease/ulcerative colitis was a pre-existing condition.  Possible Values are No; Yes; Unknown; etc.    
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>familialAdenomatousPolyposis : <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (0..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Idetifies whether the patient was affected by FAP (Familial adenomatous polyposis).  Possible values are No; Yes; Unknown/not documented; etc.  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>gleasonsScore : <xref href="../t_String.dita" >String</xref> (0..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Indicates the Gleason&apos;s score.  Possible values are unknown, not reported or not applicable,  99; etc.  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>hnpcc : <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (0..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Indicates whether the patient is affected by hereditary nonpolyposis colon cancer (HNPCC) syndrome.  Possible values are No; Yes; Unknown/not documented; etc.  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>inflammatoryBowelDisease : <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (0..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Record whether the patient was affected by inflammatory bowel disease (IBD).  Possible values are No; Yes; Unknown/not documented; etc.  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

 <strow>
  <stentry><p>division : <xref href="../t_ServiceDeliveryLocation.dita" >ServiceDeliveryLocation</xref> (0..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The division to which this primary belongs.  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

</simpletable>

</section>




</body>
</topic>
