<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="ContactParty" xml:lang="en-us">
<title id="title">ContactParty</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc">
</shortdesc>
<body id="body" >



<section id="description" audience="developer, modeler, sme">
  <title>Description</title>
	<p>The person who should be contacted on the patients behalf under specified situations.  Note that because all we need is the person&apos;s name and contact information (address, phone numbers), this class does not have an association to the Person class (although logically it should).  This is because the other properties of Person, such as sex and date of birth, are irrelevant to the usage.  The HL7 Role class allows for names and addresses on the Role, which technically should be only those names or addresses as the relate to the role (i.e., as they differ from those in Person class), but since these are available for use, we are utilizing them in this manner, even though it is somewhat irregular.</p>


	
<simpletable>
 <sthead>
  <stentry>Content</stentry>
  <stentry>Description</stentry>
 </sthead>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>ageAtDeath :  <xref href="../t_PhysicalQuantity.dita" >PhysicalQuantity</xref> (0..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				If the person related to the patient is deceased, this property contains that person&apos;s age upon their death. This is used  in conjunction with other properties to determine any familial propensities for fatal conditions.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>contactCategory :  <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (0..1)</p> 
<p>See <xref href="../t_ContactTypeValueSet.dita">Contact Type Value Set</xref> definition for values.</p>
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Indicates the circumstances under which this person is the contact party for the person identified in the owning Person class.</p><p>&quot;Indicates the specific relationship role....  This field specifies the role that the next of kin/associated parties plays with regard to the patient.&quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, NK1-7.  See HL7 Table 131 for suggested values.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>contactReason :  String (0..*)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				&quot;Identifies how the contact should be used (e.g., contact employer if patient is unable to work).&quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, NK1-29.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>effectiveDateRange :  <xref href="../t_TimeInterval.dita" >TimeInterval</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The date range during which this person is a contact party for the patient.</p><p>&quot;The start date of the contact role.&quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, NK1-8.</p><p>&quot;The end date of the contact role.&quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, NK1-9.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>id :  <xref href="../t_Id.dita" >Id</xref> (0..*)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				&quot;The identifiers for the next of kin/associated party, for example, Social Security Number, driver&apos;s license, etc.&quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, NK1-33.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>isPrimaryContact :  Boolean (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Indicates whether this person is the primary one to contact.  Added for MyHealtheVet.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>legalName :  <xref href="../t_PersonName.dita" >PersonName</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The name by which a person is known or legally identified such as the name on a driver&apos;s license or passport.  Note that the datatype for this property is a PersonName, which includes the various parts that make up a person&apos;s name such as family name, prefixes, suffixes, etc.</p><p>&quot;One or more of the names of the next of kin or associated party.&quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, NK1-2.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>mobilePhone :  <xref href="../t_Telecommunications.dita" >Telecommunications</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				A telecommunication device that moves and stays with its owner. Suitable for urgent matters, the mobile phone is not the first choice for routine business.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>preferredContactMethod :  String (0..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Identifies the preffered method by which this person should be contacted.  Possible values include: primaryHomePhone, temporaryEmail, etc.  Added for MyHealtheVet.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>primaryHomeAddress :  <xref href="../t_Address.dita" >Address</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				A communications address for the person&apos;s primary place of residence.</p><p>&quot;The address of the next of kin/associated party.&quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, NK1-4.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>primaryHomeEmail :  <xref href="../t_Telecommunications.dita" >Telecommunications</xref> (0..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The email address that a person uses while at their primary home, to reach a person after business hours.    &quot;Contains the patient&apos;s personal telecommunication contact information.&quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, PID-40.  Note that in HL7, the Telecommunications datatype contains a type code to indicate what kind of telecommunications address that is being referenced.  The FHIM explicitly models the telecommuncations type, so in this case the attribute name is &quot;Primary Home Email&quot;, and the type code would be set to &quot;primary home&quot; when targeting an HL7 implementation.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>primaryHomePhone :  <xref href="../t_Telecommunications.dita" >Telecommunications</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The phone number of a person at their primary home, to reach a person after business hours.</p><p>&quot;The telephone number of the next of kin/associated party.&quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, NK1-5.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>relationshipCategory :  <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (0..1)</p> 
<p>See <xref href="../t_FamilyMemberValueSet.dita">Family Member Value Set</xref> definition for values.</p>
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Indicates how the person is related to the person identified in the owning Person class.  Examples include Spouse, Child, Parent, Legal Guardian, etc.</p><p>&quot;The actual personal relationship that the next of kin/associated party has to the patient.&quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, NK1-3.  See HL7 Table 63 for suggested values.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>status :  <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The status of the record of the relationship with the person identified in the Person class.  Example values include Active, Deprecated, etc.  Paired with the effectiveDateRange which indicates the valid range of dates for which this person is a relation.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>workAddress :  <xref href="../t_Address.dita" >Address</xref> (0..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The contact party&apos;s office address.  First choice for business related contacts during business hours.</p><p>&quot;The address of the next of kin/associated party.&quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, NK1-4.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>workPhone :  <xref href="../t_Telecommunications.dita" >Telecommunications</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The phone number for a person at their office location. First choice for business related contacts during business hours.</p><p>&quot;The business telephone number of the next of kin/associated party.&quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, NK1-6.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

 <strow>
  <stentry><p>asEmployee : <xref href="../t_Employee.dita" >Employee</xref> (0..*)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Represents information about a person while in the role of an employee of some organization.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>asPerson : <xref href="../t_Person.dita" >Person</xref> (0..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				A pointer to a Person who is acting in the Role of ContactParty.  Note that while this depicts a logical relationship between ContactParty and Person, implementers may choose not to instantiate a full-blown Person record for ContactParties.  For this reason, we have elected to duplicate several properties in ContactParty that might otherwise be retrievable from the Person record, thereby providing implementation flexibility.  Implementers may elect to include person-related information in the ContactParty, instantiate a Person record, or some hybrid such has having a ContactPerson construct.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>organizationalPatientRepresentative : <xref href="../t_OrganizationalPatientRepresentative.dita" >OrganizationalPatientRepresentative</xref> (0..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				&quot;The name of the organization that serves as a next of kin/associated party or as the next of kin of the patient.  This field may also be used to communicate the name of the organization at which the associated party works.&quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, NK1-13.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

</simpletable>

</section>




</body>
</topic>
