<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="ConsentDirective" xml:lang="en-us">
<title id="title">ConsentDirective</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc">
</shortdesc>
<body id="body" >



<section id="description" audience="developer, modeler, sme">
  <title>Description</title>
	<p>This class is the focal class representing a set of consent directives issued by a consenter on behalf of self or someone else. This class is the root class or the entry class into the Consent Directive structure.</p>


	
<simpletable>
 <sthead>
  <stentry>Content</stentry>
  <stentry>Description</stentry>
 </sthead>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>documentImage : <xref href="../t_String.dita" >String</xref> (0..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				This optional attribute references a signed paper document containing the client&apos;s consent directive.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>effectiveTime : <xref href="../t_PointInTime.dita" >PointInTime</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				This attribute specifies the date when the policy/consent is in effect.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>expirationTime : <xref href="../t_PointInTime.dita" >PointInTime</xref> (0..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				 This attribute specifies when the consent directive automatically expires.  A consent directive may be revoked prior to its expiration date.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>id : <xref href="../t_Id.dita" >Id</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				 Unique identifier that refers to a specific Consent Directive instance.  This id or the published URI may be used to lookup the client&apos;s consent directives in order to apply them to the collection, access, use, or disclosure of health records.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>reason : <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				This attribute is used to specify the reason for revoking a Consent Directive, e.g., requested vs. correction/error.  An error would be a discrepancy between the intent of Consent Directive (as communicated by the Consenter) and that which was entered into the Consent Directive Management System (CDMS).
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>status : <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				This attribute indicates whether the consent directive is active or not.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

 <strow>
  <stentry><p>consentAuthor : <xref href="../t_ConsentAuthor.dita" >ConsentAuthor</xref> (1..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Identifies the person who created or &apos;authored&apos; the consent directive
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>privacyRuleList : <xref href="../t_PrivacyRuleList.dita" >PrivacyRuleList</xref> (0..*)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				A list of zero or more consent rules applicable to this consent directive.  A consent rule specifies the permission allowed to a user type by the consenter for a specific type of information. The person consenting may be either the subject of the record or a designated Substitute Decision Maker. One or more consent rules comprise a consent directive or privacy policy.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>publishedPolicy : <xref href="../t_PrivacyPolicy.dita" >PrivacyPolicy</xref> (0..*)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				A set of rules that are intended to be enforced by security systems and are used as the basis for client consent directives.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>replacesDirective : <xref href="../t_ConsentDirective.dita" >ConsentDirective</xref> (0..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Points to a previous Consent Directive superseded by the current instance.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>subjectOfConsent : <xref href="../t_Patient.dita" >Patient</xref> (1..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Identifies the person to whom the consent directive applies.  This person may or may not be the same person as the consent author, as in the case where the patient is a minor child or an incapacitated person.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

</simpletable>

</section>




</body>
</topic>
