<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="DeviceInstance" xml:lang="en-us">
<title id="title">DeviceInstance</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc">
</shortdesc>
<body id="body" >



<section id="description" audience="developer, modeler, sme">
  <title>Description</title>
	<p>This class identifies an individual device.  The Id property is commonly known as a serial number.</p><p></p><p>&quot;Identifies the Equipment Instance (e.g., Analyzer, Analyzer module, group of Analyzers, etc.) responsible for the production of the observation....&quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, OBX-18.</p>


	
<simpletable>
 <sthead>
  <stentry>Content</stentry>
  <stentry>Description</stentry>
 </sthead>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>alertLevel : <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (0..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				&quot;The current functional status of an automated device.&quot; - HL7 V3. Possible values include: Normal, Warning, Critical, etc.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>dateLastCalibrated : <xref href="../t_PointInTime.dita" >PointInTime</xref> (0..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				&quot;The date and time the device was last calibrated.&quot; - HL7 V3
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>id : <xref href="../t_Id.dita" >Id</xref> (0..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				&quot;A unique identifier for this instance. If the product instance represents a single individual product (quantity = 1) then  this id is also called the &quot;serial number&quot;. If the product instance represents a product lot, the id is also called the  &quot;lot number&quot;.&quot; - HL7 V3
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>localRemoteControlState : <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (0..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				&quot;The state of control of the device. A device can either work autonomously or it can be controlled by another system. The  control status of a device must be communicated between devices prior to remote commands being transmitted. If the device  is not in &quot;Remote&quot; status, external commands will be ignored.&quot; - HL7 V3
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

 <strow>
  <stentry><p>device : <xref href="../t_Device.dita" >Device</xref> (1..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Identifies a class of devices characterized by their manufacturer, model name/number, software version, etc.  This class differs from the Device Instance class on the other end of the association in that this class represents all instances of a kind of device whereas the Device Instance class represents one individual.  For example, the Device class might describe a Color LaserJet Model CMJ1312 made by Hewlett Packard.  The DeviceInstance class might describe the machine that has serial number 1234.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>manufacturingLot : <xref href="../t_ManufacturingLot.dita" >ManufacturingLot</xref> (0..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Identifies a batch of material or products that were manufactured over a defined time period.  Identifies the batch or lot in which the device was manufactured.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

</simpletable>

</section>




</body>
</topic>
