<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="FunctionalRole" xml:lang="en-us">
<title id="title">FunctionalRole</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc">
</shortdesc>
<body id="body" >



<section id="description" audience="developer, modeler, sme">
  <title>Description</title>
	<p>Functional Roles can be grouped according to their authorization to access IIHI and perform various operations on health care information. E.g., A health care provider in Organization A is authorized to access protected information (including IIHI) from Organization B (when Organization A &amp;amp;amp;amp; B have entered into a trusted relationship) if that provider is associated with the Functional Group whose permissions grant access per that FunctionalRole. In summary, the functional role defines the access control decision. A functional role is bound to a policy. </p>


	
<simpletable>
 <sthead>
  <stentry>Content</stentry>
  <stentry>Description</stentry>
 </sthead>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>name : <xref href="../t_String.dita" >String</xref> (0..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				This attribute is used to represent the user role name, if specified.      
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>roleCode : <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (0..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The functional role may specify that the user is part of the healthcare team that is directly involved in the client s care. This attribute refers to a functional role assigned by an organization to computer users.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

 <strow>
  <stentry><p>rolePermission : <xref href="../t_Permission.dita" >Permission</xref> (0..*)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				This association identifies the permissions that are associated with a functional role.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

</simpletable>

</section>




</body>
</topic>
