<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="HealthcareProvider" xml:lang="en-us">
<title id="title">HealthcareProvider</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc">
</shortdesc>
<body id="body" >



<section id="description" audience="developer, modeler, sme">
  <title>Description</title>
	<p>A person or organization which is authorized to perform healthcare-related services.</p>


	
<simpletable>
 <sthead>
  <stentry>Content</stentry>
  <stentry>Description</stentry>
 </sthead>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>address : <xref href="../t_Address.dita" >Address</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The person&apos;s office address.  First choice for business related contacts during business hours.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>email : <xref href="../t_Telecommunications.dita" >Telecommunications</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The email address that a person uses while at their place of business.  First choice for business related contacts during business hours.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>facsimile : <xref href="../t_Telecommunications.dita" >Telecommunications</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The phone number for a person at their office location at which to send a facsimile (fax).
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>id : <xref href="../t_Id.dita" >Id</xref> (1..*)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Uniquely identifies the practitioner.  This property should not contain the Tax Id or the National Provider Id, as these types of Ids are called out separately.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>phone : <xref href="../t_Telecommunications.dita" >Telecommunications</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The phone number for a person at their office location. First choice for business related contacts during business hours.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>providerCategory : <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 
<p>See <xref href="../t_HealthcareProviderTaxonomyHIPAA.dita">Healthcare Provider Taxonomy (HIPAA)</xref> definition for values.</p>
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Contains a categorization for the practitioner.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>providerRole : <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 
<p>See <xref href="../t_ProviderRoleValueSet.dita">Provider Role Value Set</xref> definition for values.</p>
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>taxId : <xref href="../t_Id.dita" >Id</xref> (0..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				This contains the tax ID for the practitioner, used for billing purposes.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

 <strow>
  <stentry><p>asLlicensedProvider : <xref href="../t_LicensedProvider.dita" >LicensedProvider</xref> (0..*)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				A practitioner who has been authorized to perform certain activities that fall under the jurisdiction of the issuer of the license.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>asMedicaidProvider : <xref href="../t_MedicaidProvider.dita" >MedicaidProvider</xref> (0..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>asMedicareProvider : <xref href="../t_MedicareProvider.dita" >MedicareProvider</xref> (0..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>asNationallyIdentifiedProvider : <xref href="../t_NationallyIdentifiedProvider.dita" >NationallyIdentifiedProvider</xref> (0..*)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>patient : <xref href="../t_Patient.dita" >Patient</xref> (1..*)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				A role of a person or animal as a recipient of health care services from a healthcare provider.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>providerPlanParticipation : <xref href="../t_ProviderPlanParticipation.dita" >ProviderPlanParticipation</xref> (0..*)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Represents the participation of a Healthcare Provider (either an Individual or an Organizational Provider) with a Health  Plan for the purpose of providing healthcare services to members (i.e., patients) of that plan.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>specialty : <xref href="../t_Specialty.dita" >Specialty</xref> (0..*)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				A specialty in medicine is a branch of medical science. After completing medical school, physicians or surgeons usually further their medical education in a specific specialty of medicine by completing a multiple year residency. Medical practitioners who engage in a medical specialty are known as medical specialists.    Specialists may be Board Eligible or Board Certified.  Board certified in medicine means a physician has taken and passed a medical specialty examination.  Board eligible, by contrast, means that a physician has completed the requirements for admission to a medical specialty board examination but has not taken and passed the examination.  For example, a physician must perform 3 years of training in an approved pediatric residency to be board eligible and then successfully complete a comprehensive written examination to be certified by the American Board of Pediatrics.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

</simpletable>

</section>




</body>
</topic>
