<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="HL72PersonLocation" xml:lang="en-us">
<title id="title">HL72PersonLocation</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc">
</shortdesc>
<body id="body" >

<section id="generalizations"  audience="developer, modeler">
  <title>Hierarchy</title>
	HL72PersonLocation is a kind of <xref href="../t_Id.dita">Id</xref>	
</section>


<section id="description" audience="developer, modeler, sme">
  <title>Description</title>
	<p>This class corresponds to the HL7 V2 Person Location (PL) data type. A PL &quot;is used to specify a patient location  within a healthcare institution. Which components are valued depends on the needs of the site. For example for a patient  treated at home, only the person location type is valued. It is most commonly used for specifying patient locations, but  may refer to other types of persons within a healthcare setting.&quot; - HL7 v2</p>


	
<simpletable>
 <sthead>
  <stentry>Content</stentry>
  <stentry>Description</stentry>
 </sthead>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>bed : <xref href="../t_String.dita" >String</xref> (0..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				&quot;Specifies the code for the patient&apos;s bed. After room, it is the most general person location designation.&quot; - HL7 v2
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>facilityNamespaceId : <xref href="../t_String.dita" >String</xref> (0..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The Facility is &quot;is subject to site interpretation but generally describes the highest level physical designation of an institution, medical center or enterprise. It is the most general person location designation.&quot; - HL7 v2.  Note that the Facility in HL7 v2 is a complex type (an HD datatype).  This property contains the Namespace Id sub-component, which is &quot;used as the HL7 identifier for the user-defined table of values for this component.&quot;
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>facilityUniversalId : <xref href="../t_String.dita" >String</xref> (0..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The Facility is &quot;is subject to site interpretation but generally describes the highest level physical designation of an  institution, medical center or enterprise. It is the most general person location designation.&quot; - HL7 v2.  Note that the Facility in HL7 v2 is a complex type (an HD datatype).  This property contains the Universal Id sub-component, which is defined thusly: &quot;The Universal ID (UID), is a string formatted according to the scheme defined by the Universal ID Type (UID Type) component.  The UID is intended to be unique over time within the UID type.  It is rigorously defined.  Each UID must belong to one of the specifically enumerated schemes for constructing UIDs (defined by the UID Type).  The UID must follow the syntactic rules of the particular universal identifier scheme (defined by the third component).  Note that these syntactic rules are not defined within HL7 but are defined by the rules of the particular universal identifier scheme.&quot; - HL7 V2
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>facilityUniversalIdType : <xref href="../t_String.dita" >String</xref> (0..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The Facility is &quot;is subject to site interpretation but generally describes the highest level physical designation of an  institution, medical center or enterprise. It is the most general person location designation.&quot; - HL7 v2.  Note that the Facility in HL7 v2 is a complex type (an HD datatype).  This property contains the Universal Id Type sub-component, which is defined thusly: &quot;The Universal ID Type (UID Type) component governs the interpretation of the Universal ID (UID) component.  If the UID Type is a known UID refers to HL7 Table 0301 - Universal ID type for valid values, then the UID is a universal ID of that type.&quot; - HL7 v2
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>locationDescription : <xref href="../t_String.dita" >String</xref> (0..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				&quot;Describes the location in free text&quot; - HL7 v2
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>personLocationType : <xref href="../t_String.dita" >String</xref> (0..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				&quot;Person location type is the categorization of the person s location defined by facility, building, floor, point of care,  room or bed. Although not a required field, when used, it may be the only populated field. It usually includes values such  as nursing unit, department, clinic, SNF, physician s office.&quot; - HL7 v2
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>pointOfCare : <xref href="../t_String.dita" >String</xref> (0..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				&quot;Specifies the code for the point where patient care is administered. It is conditional on Person Location Type (e.g.,  nursing unit or department or clinic). After floor, it is the most general patient location designation.&quot; - HL7 v2
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>room : <xref href="../t_String.dita" >String</xref> (0..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				&quot;Specifies the code for the patient&apos;s room. After point of care, it is the most general person location designation.&quot; - HL7  v2
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>


</simpletable>

</section>




</body>
</topic>
