<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="HL72HierarchicDesignator" xml:lang="en-us">
<title id="title">HL72HierarchicDesignator</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc">
</shortdesc>
<body id="body" >

<section id="generalizations"  audience="developer, modeler">
  <title>Hierarchy</title>
	HL72HierarchicDesignator is a kind of <xref href="../t_Id.dita">Id</xref>	
</section>


<section id="description" audience="developer, modeler, sme">
  <title>Description</title>
	<p>This class corresponds to the HL7 V2 Hierarchic Designator (HD) data type.  An HD &quot;identifies an (administrative or system or application or other) entity that has responsibility for managing or assigning a defined set of instance identifiers (such as placer or filler number, patient identifiers, provider identifiers, etc.).  This entity could be a particular healthcare application such as a registration system that assigns patient identifiers, a governmental entity such as a licensing authority that assigns professional identifiers or driver&#8217;s license numbers, or a facility where such identifiers are assigned.&quot; - HL7 v2</p>


	
<simpletable>
 <sthead>
  <stentry>Content</stentry>
  <stentry>Description</stentry>
 </sthead>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>namespaceId : <xref href="../t_String.dita" >String</xref> (0..1)</p> 

</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				This property is &quot;used as the HL7 identifier for the user-defined table of values for this component.&quot; - HL7 v2.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>universalId : <xref href="../t_String.dita" >String</xref> (0..1)</p> 

</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				&quot;The Universal ID (UID) is a string formatted according to the scheme defined by the Universal ID Type (UID Type) component.  The UID is intended to be unique over time within the UID type.  It is rigorously defined.  Each UID must belong to one of the specifically enumerated schemes for constructing UIDs (defined by the UID type).  The UID must follow the syntactic rules of the particular universal identifier scheme (defined by the third component).  Note that these syntactic rules are not defined within HL7 but are defined by the rules of the particular universal identifier scheme.&quot; - HL7 v2.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>universalIdType : <xref href="../t_String.dita" >String</xref> (0..1)</p> 

</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				&quot;The Universal ID Type (UID Type) component governs the interpretation of the Universal ID (UID) component.  If the UID Type is a known UID refers to HL7 Table 0301 - Universal ID type for valid values, then the UID is a universal ID of that type.&quot; - HL7 v2
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>


</simpletable>

</section>




</body>
</topic>
