<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="ImageRouteEvent" xml:lang="en-us">
<title id="title">ImageRouteEvent</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc">
</shortdesc>
<body id="body" >



<section id="description" audience="developer, modeler, sme">
  <title>Description</title>
	<p>This class contains the data elements and associations related to an DICOM (Digital Imaging and Communications in Medicine)-compliant image copy event.  Maintains an audit trail of the copy.</p>


	
<simpletable>
 <sthead>
  <stentry>Content</stentry>
  <stentry>Description</stentry>
 </sthead>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>destinationId :  <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Identifies the destination organization of the transmission.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>destinationName :  String (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Identifies the destination organization of the transmission.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>imageType :  <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Indicates what type of image file was transmitted).  Possible values are NON-DICOM; IMAGE; CURVE; OVERLAY; LUT; PRES_STATE; AVEFORM; SR; etc.  [non-dicom images might need more classification]
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>logId :  <xref href="../t_Id.dita" >Id</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				It is an integer number that indicates the entry in the &quot;permanent&quot; log of all routed copies of the current image (as required by HIPAA).  This value is used to record when images are purged from their routed destination.  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>purgeTime :  <xref href="../t_PointInTime.dita" >PointInTime</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The date and time when the copy of the current image was purged from the location that is described in the current record.  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>transmitTime :  <xref href="../t_PointInTime.dita" >PointInTime</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The date and time when the current image was transmitted to the location described in the current record.  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

 <strow>
  <stentry><p>copyToLocation : <xref href="../t_ImageStorage.dita" >ImageStorage</xref> (0..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				A pointer to the Network Location when an image is transmitted using the &quot;copy&quot; method.  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

</simpletable>

</section>




</body>
</topic>
