<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="IndividualProvider" xml:lang="en-us">
<title id="title">IndividualProvider</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc">
</shortdesc>
<body id="body" >

<section id="generalizations"  audience="developer, modeler">
  <title>Hierarchy</title>
	IndividualProvider is a kind of <xref href="../t_HealthcareProvider.dita">HealthcareProvider</xref>	
</section>


<section id="description" audience="developer, modeler, sme">
  <title>Description</title>
	<p>A person who is authorized to provide health care services in the role of practitioner for a health care provider organization.  The role of practitioner includes all functions performed for a health care provider organization in order to provide patient care and treatment.</p>


	
<simpletable>
 <sthead>
  <stentry>Content</stentry>
  <stentry>Description</stentry>
 </sthead>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>mobilePhone :  <xref href="../t_Telecommunications.dita" >Telecommunications</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				A telecommunication device that moves and stays with its owner. Suitable for urgent matters, the mobile phone is not the first choice for routine business.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>pager :  <xref href="../t_Telecommunications.dita" >Telecommunications</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				A paging device suitable to solicit a callback or to leave a very short message.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>signatureBlockName :  <xref href="../t_PersonName.dita" >PersonName</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Contains the name and title of the Practitioner as they wish it to be displayed with the notation that they signed the document electronically.  For example, a practitioner who routinely uses a nickname for most correspondence would likely want their legal name on the signature block.  In addition, this property would contain the title that they would use when electronically signing a document.  For example, a practitioner may hold multiple titles, but would choose one to be used for signing.  Examples of titles are Chief of Surgery, Dietician, Clinical Pharmacist, etc.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

 <strow>
  <stentry><p>asPerson : <xref href="../t_Person.dita" >Person</xref> (1..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Links to information about the Person who is playing the role of Practitioner.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>asPrescribingProvider : <xref href="../t_PrescibingProvider.dita" >PrescibingProvider</xref> (0..*)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Represents information about the practitioner who has been licensed to prescribe medications under the jurisdiction of the issuer of the license.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>providerAffiliation : <xref href="../t_ProviderAffiliation.dita" >ProviderAffiliation</xref> (0..*)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Represents information about the association between an Individual Healthcare Provider and an Organizational Healthcare  Provider.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>providerEducation : <xref href="../t_ProviderEducation.dita" >ProviderEducation</xref> (0..*)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Represents information about the educational experience of an Individual Healthcare Provider.  This includes both formal training resulting in some sort of degree or certification, as well as practical experience such as an internship.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

</simpletable>

</section>




</body>
</topic>
