<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="Injury" xml:lang="en-us">
<title id="title">Injury</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc">
</shortdesc>
<body id="body" >



<section id="description" audience="developer, modeler, sme">
  <title>Description</title>
	<p>[US Standard Certificate Of Death Fields 38 - 44].  Information related to cases where the decedents death was due to injury or poisoning.</p>


	
<simpletable>
 <sthead>
  <stentry>Content</stentry>
  <stentry>Description</stentry>
 </sthead>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>dateTime : <xref href="../t_PointInTime.dita" >PointInTime</xref> (1..1)</p> 

</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				[US Standard Certificate Of Death Field 38].  The date and time that the injury or poisoning occured that eventually lead to the decedent&apos;s death.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>howInjuryOccurred : <xref href="../t_String.dita" >String</xref> (1..1)</p> 

</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				[US Standard Certificate Of Death Field 43].  A textual description of how the injury occured.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>injuryPlace : <xref href="../t_String.dita" >String</xref> (1..1)</p> 

</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				[US Standard Certificate Of Death Field 40].  The general place (such as restaurant, vacant lot, or home) where the injury occurred.  Company or organization names are not to be used. (For example,  factory , not  Standard Manufacturing, Inc. )
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>injuryPlaceAddress : <xref href="../t_Address.dita" >Address</xref> (1..1)</p> 

</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				[US Standard Certificate Of Death Field 42].  The street address of the location at which the injury or poisoning occured.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>transportationInjuryCategory : <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 

</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				[US Standard Certificate Of Death Field 44].  If the injury was tranportation related, this property categories whether the injury occured while the decedent was a: Driver/Operator, Passenger, Pedestrian, or Other.  Driver/operator and passenger should be designated for modes other than motor vehicles such as bicycles. Other applies to watercraft, aircraft, animal, or people attached to outside of vehicles (e.g. surfers).
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>wasWorkplaceInjury : <xref href="../t_Boolean.dita" >Boolean</xref> (1..1)</p> 

</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				[US Standard Certificate Of Death Field 41].  Indicates whether the injury or poisoning occurred at work.  An injury may occur at work regardless of whether the injury occurred in the course of the decedent&apos;s usual occupation.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>


</simpletable>

</section>




</body>
</topic>
