<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="MedicinalProductInstance" xml:lang="en-us">
<title id="title">MedicinalProductInstance</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc">
</shortdesc>
<body id="body" >



<section id="description" audience="developer, modeler, sme">
  <title>Description</title>
	<p>This class contains information about the actual drug produced, dispensed, or administered.</p><p></p><p>&quot;A product instance is (a) an individual product instance, i.e., an individually identified thing with a serial number; (b) a product lot, i.e., a set of things of the same kind (e.g., 1000 for expressing a number of tablets) or an  amorphous mass (e.g., 100 L of a liquid raw material), or  (c) any subset, member, or portion of a product lot. The  distinction between an individual thing and a lot is made in the quantity attribute, which is set to 1 (one) for  individual items, or any number e.g., 1000 or amount 100 L for sets of things or amorphous masses respectively.&quot; - HL7 Version 3.</p>


	
<simpletable>
 <sthead>
  <stentry>Content</stentry>
  <stentry>Description</stentry>
 </sthead>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>id : <xref href="../t_Id.dita" >Id</xref> (0..1)</p> 

</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				&quot;A unique identifier for this instance. If the product instance represents a single individual product (quantity = 1) then this id is also called the &quot;serial number&quot;.  If the product instance represents a product lot, the id is also called the &quot;lot number&quot;.&quot; - HL7 V3
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>storageCondition : <xref href="../t_String.dita" >String</xref> (0..-1)</p> 

</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Describes the conditions under which the product was stored (e.g., temperature, humidity).  This property is currently a string, but will likely be replaced by a structured class in the future.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>unitPrice : <xref href="../t_MonetaryAmount.dita" >MonetaryAmount</xref> (0..1)</p> 

</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				This is the price of the medication per dispense unit.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

 <strow>
  <stentry><p>drugPricing : <xref href="../t_DrugPricing.dita" >DrugPricing</xref> (0..-1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>manufacturingLot : <xref href="../t_ManufacturingLot.dita" >ManufacturingLot</xref> (0..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Identifies a batch of material or products that were manufactured over a defined time period.  Identifies the batch or lot in which the medicinal product was manufactured.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>packagedMedicinalProduct : <xref href="../t_PackagedMedicinalProduct.dita" >PackagedMedicinalProduct</xref> (1..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

</simpletable>

</section>




</body>
</topic>
