<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="MetastasisEvaluation" xml:lang="en-us">
<title id="title">MetastasisEvaluation</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc">
</shortdesc>
<body id="body" >



<section id="description" audience="developer, modeler, sme">
  <title>Description</title>
	<p>Transmission of pathogenic microorganisms or cancerous cells from an original site to one or more sites elsewhere in the body, usually by way of the blood vessels or lymphatics</p>


	
<simpletable>
 <sthead>
  <stentry>Content</stentry>
  <stentry>Description</stentry>
 </sthead>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>clinicalM : <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Idenifiies the presence or absence of distant  metastasis (M) as recorded by the physicain. Possible values are Not recorded by the physician; MX, M0; M1; M1a; M1b; M1c; not applicable etc.  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>csMetastasisAtDx : <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Identifies the distant site(s) of metastatic involvement at time of diagnosis.  Possible values are 00 No; Distant lymph node(s); Distant metastases except code 10 Distant metastasis, NOS Carcinomatosis; (40) + (10); Unknown; distant metastasis cannot be assessed,not stated in patient record; Not applicable etc.  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>metastasis1 : <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Identifies only the site(s) of distant metastasis identified during initial diagnosis and workup. Possible values are None; Peritoneum; Lung; Pleura; Liver; Bone; Central nervous system; Skin; Lymph nodes (distant); Other/Gen/Carcinomatosis/Unkn; etc.  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>metastasis2 : <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Identifies the second site of distant metastasis identified during initial diagnosis and workup.  Possible values are None; Peritoneum; Lung; Pleura; Liver; Bone; Central nervous system; Skin; Lymph nodes (distant); Other/Gen/Carcinomatosis/Unkn; etc.  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>metastasis3 : <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Identifies the third site of distant metastasis identified during initial diagnosis and workup.  Possible values are None; Peritoneum; Lung; Pleura; Liver; Bone; Central nervous system; Skin; Lymph nodes (distant); Other/Gen/Carcinomatosis/Unkn; etc.  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>otherM : <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Indicates the code that identifies the presence or absence of distant metastases. Possible values are MX, M0, M1, M1A, M1B, M1C, Not Applicable; etc.  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>pathologicM : <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Identifies the presence or absence of distant metastasis (M) as recorded by the physician.  Possible values are MX, M0; M1; M1a; M1b; M1c; Not applicable; etc.  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>


</simpletable>

</section>




</body>
</topic>
