<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="OccupationalHistory" xml:lang="en-us">
<title id="title">OccupationalHistory</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc">
</shortdesc>
<body id="body" >



<section id="description" audience="developer, modeler, sme">
  <title>Description</title>
	<p>This class records an observation regarding the usual occupation of a person, and what industries the person has worked in.  This information is needed primarily for occupation safety and workplace-related illness tracking purposes.  Therefore, while such information might be attributable to any Person, we have linked this class with the Patient class rather than the Person class.</p>


	
<simpletable>
 <sthead>
  <stentry>Content</stentry>
  <stentry>Description</stentry>
 </sthead>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>usualIndustry : <xref href="../t_CodeWithOriginalText.dita" >CodeWithOriginalText</xref> (0..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Indicates the kind of industry in which the Person normally works; generally this will be the industry in which the Person has longest worked.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>usualOccupation : <xref href="../t_CodeWithOriginalText.dita" >CodeWithOriginalText</xref> (0..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Indicates the kind of work that the Person normally performs; generally this will be the occupation in which the Person has longest held.</p><p>&quot;A value that qualifies the classification of &apos;kind-of-work&apos; based upon a recognized industry or jurisdictional standard.&quot; - HL7 Version 3 RIM.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>yearsInCurrentOccupation : <xref href="../t_Real.dita" >Real</xref> (0..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Amount of employment &#8211; in years associated with usual industry/occupation (e.g., &quot;how long have you worked in your usual industry - such as coal mining&quot;).  Added for Public Health Reporting Initiative, 10/12/2012.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>yearsInUsualOccupation : <xref href="../t_Real.dita" >Real</xref> (0..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Amount of employment &#8211; in years associated with usual industry/occupation (e.g., &quot;how long have you worked in your usual industry - such as coal mining&quot;).  Added for Public Health Reporting Initiative, 10/12/2012.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>


</simpletable>

</section>




</body>
</topic>
