<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="OutpatientMedicationDispense" xml:lang="en-us">
<title id="title">OutpatientMedicationDispense</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc">
</shortdesc>
<body id="body" >

<section id="generalizations"  audience="developer, modeler">
  <title>Hierarchy</title>
	OutpatientMedicationDispense is a kind of <xref href="../t_PharmacyDispense.dita">PharmacyDispense</xref>	
</section>


<section id="description" audience="developer, modeler, sme">
  <title>Description</title>
	<p>The dispensing or issuing of medication to an outpatient or representative.</p>


	
<simpletable>
 <sthead>
  <stentry>Content</stentry>
  <stentry>Description</stentry>
 </sthead>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>dateTimeReleased : <xref href="../t_PointInTime.dita" >PointInTime</xref> (0..1)</p> 

</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The date and time that the medication was dispensed.  Dispense = &quot;to make up and distribute (medicine), esp. on prescription.&quot;  (Random House Unabridged Dictionary)  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>deliveryModality : <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 

</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Indicates whether the medication dispensed will be mailed to the patient, or the patient will pick up the medication at the pharmacy window, or home delivery.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>levelOfUnderstanding : <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (0..1)</p> 

</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Impression of how well the patient understood the education received.  Example values include: Poor, Fair, Good, Group - no assessment, Refused, etc.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>numberOfRefillsRemaining : <xref href="../t_Integer.dita" >Integer</xref> (0..1)</p> 

</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Represents the calculated value of number of refills. CHDR sends number of refills but not enough information such as numberofrefillsauthorized to properly calculate the value.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>partialFillStatus : <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 

</stentry>
  <stentry><p>			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>paymentType : <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 

</stentry>
  <stentry><p>			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>salesTransactionId : <xref href="../t_String.dita" >String</xref> (0..1)</p> 

</stentry>
  <stentry><p>			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>salesTransactionTime : <xref href="../t_PointInTime.dita" >PointInTime</xref> (0..1)</p> 

</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The actual date and time the medication was released for inventory purposes and copay billing if applicable. (VistA)    In the commercial world, &quot;release date&quot; typically corresponds to the date/time that the patient took possession of the medication.  Need to verifiy the VistA usage.  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>wasPatientCounseled : <xref href="../t_Boolean.dita" >Boolean</xref> (1..1)</p> 

</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Captures whether or not the patient received counseling regarding the dispensed medication.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

 <strow>
  <stentry><p>couponRedemption : <xref href="../t_CouponRedemption.dita" >CouponRedemption</xref> (0..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

</simpletable>

</section>




</body>
</topic>
