<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="PatientFollowupHistory" xml:lang="en-us">
<title id="title">PatientFollowupHistory</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc">
</shortdesc>
<body id="body" >



<section id="description" audience="developer, modeler, sme">
  <title>Description</title>
	<p>Contains information pertinent patient followup history. e.g. follow-up status, vital status, the source from which the latest follow-up information was obtained. etc.</p>


	
<simpletable>
 <sthead>
  <stentry>Content</stentry>
  <stentry>Description</stentry>
 </sthead>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>dateOfLastContactOrDeath :  <xref href="../t_PointInTime.dita" >PointInTime</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The date of last contact with the patient or the date of death.  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>followupSource :  <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Indicates the source from which the latest follow-up information was obtained.  Possible values are Reported hospitalization; Readmission; Physician; Patient; Department of Motor Vehicles; Medicare/Medicaid file; Death certificate; Other; Unknown; etc.  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>followupStatus :  <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Indicates the  patient&apos;s followup status.  Possible values are Inactive; Active; LTF; etc.  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>vitalStatus :  Boolean (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Indicates the vital status of the patient as of the date entered in DATE OF LAST CONTACT OR DEATH.  Possivle values are Dead; Alive; etc.  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

 <strow>
  <stentry><p>followupRegistry : <xref href="../t_ServiceDeliveryLocation.dita" >ServiceDeliveryLocation</xref> (0..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Cancer followup registry
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>lastFollowupContact : <xref href="../t_ContactParty.dita" >ContactParty</xref> (1..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The Patient&apos;s last follow-up contact.  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

</simpletable>

</section>




</body>
</topic>
