<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="PatientRecordFlagAssignment" xml:lang="en-us">
<title id="title">PatientRecordFlagAssignment</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc">
</shortdesc>
<body id="body" >



<section id="description" audience="developer, modeler, sme">
  <title>Description</title>
	<p>This class contains attributes related to the original assignment of the flag only.</p>


	
<simpletable>
 <sthead>
  <stentry>Content</stentry>
  <stentry>Description</stentry>
 </sthead>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>assignmentNarrative :  String (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				This is a text description of the incident or reason that generated the need for this patient record flag assignment, followed by the recommended actions that should be performed by a person working with this specific patient.  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>assignmentReviewDate :  <xref href="../t_PointInTime.dita" >PointInTime</xref> (0..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The date that the flag assignment is due for review to determine continuing appropriateness  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>assignmentStatus :  <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Indicates if the patient record flag assignment is Active or Inactive for this Patient.  Possible values are Inactive; Active etc.  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>flagName :  <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Indicates the Patient Record Flag Name that is assigned to a patient.   Possible values are behavioral; etc.  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>id :  <xref href="../t_Id.dita" >Id</xref> (0..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Internal entry number (IEN) which is assigned to each record of this file.  [A unique identifier for the Act. (HL7 3.0)]  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

 <strow>
  <stentry><p>assignmentHistory : <xref href="../t_PatientRecordFlagAssignmentHistory.dita" >PatientRecordFlagAssignmentHistory</xref> (1..*)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Patient Record Flag Assignment History.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>assignmentOriginatedBy : <xref href="../t_ServiceDeliveryLocation.dita" >ServiceDeliveryLocation</xref> (1..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Indicates the site that initially assigned the patient record flag to this patient.  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>assignmentOwnedBy : <xref href="../t_ServiceDeliveryLocation.dita" >ServiceDeliveryLocation</xref> (1..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Indicates the current site that owns this patient flag assignment.  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>patient : <xref href="../t_Patient.dita" >Patient</xref> (1..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Patient who is the subject of this Patient Record Flag.   
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

</simpletable>

</section>




</body>
</topic>
