<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="PatientEducation" xml:lang="en-us">
<title id="title">PatientEducation</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc">
</shortdesc>
<body id="body" >



<section id="description" audience="developer, modeler, sme">
  <title>Description</title>
	<p>This class captures information about the education given to the patient or his responsible care giver.   </p>


	
<simpletable>
 <sthead>
  <stentry>Content</stentry>
  <stentry>Description</stentry>
 </sthead>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>comment : <xref href="../t_String.dita" >String</xref> (0..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Comment related to the patient&apos;s education.     
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>duration : <xref href="../t_TimeInterval.dita" >TimeInterval</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The period of time in which the education ocurred.  Note that this property is a TimeInterval, which contains both a begin and end date/time.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>educationTopic : <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Represents the education given to the patient.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>id : <xref href="../t_Id.dita" >Id</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				A unique string or token used to identify the instance of the patient education.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>status : <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				A code specifying the status of the PatientEducationEvent.  Valid status codes should reflect the HL7 state machine, e.g., Active, Held, Canceled, Aborted, New, Nullified, Obsolete.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

 <strow>
  <stentry><p>author : <xref href="../t_Author.dita" >Author</xref> (1..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Indicates the practitioner who provided the education or counseling to the patient.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>levelOfUnderstanding : <xref href="../t_LevelOfUnderstanding.dita" >LevelOfUnderstanding</xref> (0..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Impression of how well the patient understood the education or counseling received.      
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>location : <xref href="../t_ServiceDeliveryLocation.dita" >ServiceDeliveryLocation</xref> (0..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The location at which the patient education or counseling was provided.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>patient : <xref href="../t_Patient.dita" >Patient</xref> (1..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The person to whom the education or counseling was provided.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>performer : <xref href="../t_PrimaryPerformer.dita" >PrimaryPerformer</xref> (0..*)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Identifies the clinician who provided the patient education.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>service : <xref href="../t_ServiceDepartment.dita" >ServiceDepartment</xref> (0..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The service department at which the patient education or counseling was provided.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>visit : <xref href="../t_EncounterEvent.dita" >EncounterEvent</xref> (1..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The visit during which the education or counseling was provided.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

</simpletable>

</section>




</body>
</topic>
