<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="PharmacyDispense" xml:lang="en-us">
<title id="title">PharmacyDispense</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc">
</shortdesc>
<body id="body" >



<section id="description" audience="developer, modeler, sme">
  <title>Description</title>
	<p>The dispensing or issuing of medication to a patient or representative.</p>


	
<simpletable>
 <sthead>
  <stentry>Content</stentry>
  <stentry>Description</stentry>
 </sthead>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>actualStrength :  <xref href="../t_PhysicalQuantity.dita" >PhysicalQuantity</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				&quot;Use when [DispensedDrug] does not specify the strength.  This is the numeric part of the strength, of a single dosage unit of the dispensed product&quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, RXD-16.</p><p>&quot;Use when [DispensedDrug] does not specify the strength.  This is the unit of the strength, of a single dosage unit of the dispensed product&quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, RXD-17.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>dateTimeDispensed :  <xref href="../t_PointInTime.dita" >PointInTime</xref> (0..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Indicates when the pharmaceutical/treatment left the control of the pharmacy.  This may be when the medication was picked up or mailed (outpatient), or delivered to a ward (inpatient).  Note that this differs from the &quot;fill date/time&quot; in that the fill date is when the pharmaceutical/treatment was removed from inventory (e.g., when the pharmacist filled a bottle with tablets from inventory); once filled, the medication may remain in the pharmacy awaiting pick-up.  Once delivered to the patient or another caregiver, the medication is then considered &quot;dispensed.&quot;</p><p>Dispense = &quot;to make up and distribute (medicine), esp. on prescription.&quot; - Random House Unabridged Dictionary.</p><p>&quot;Indicates when the pharmaceutical/treatment is dispensed from the pharmacy or treatment supplier.&quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, RXD-3.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>dateTimeFilled :  <xref href="../t_PointInTime.dita" >PointInTime</xref> (0..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Indicates when the pharmaceutical/treatment was removed from inventory and prepared for delivery to the patient.  Note that this differs from the &quot;dispense date/time&quot; in that the fill date is when the pharmaceutical/treatment was removed from inventory (e.g., when the pharmacist filled a bottle with tablets from inventory); once filled, the medication may remain in the pharmacy awaiting pick-up, where as the dispense date/time is when the mediation leaves the control of the pharmacy.  Once delivered to the patient or another caregiver, the medication is then considered &quot;dispensed.&quot;
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>daysSupply :  Integer (0..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The length of time in days that the quantity dispensed will last if consumed at the rate prescribed.  For example if the patient is instructed to take 2 pills a day, 60 pills will last 30 days.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>dispenseCategory :  <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				&quot;This is the type of dispensing event that occurred.&quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, RXA-26 and RXO-27.  Valid values (from HL7 Table 0484) include: Trial Quantity Balance; Compassionate Fill; New/Renew - Full Fill; New/Renew - Part Fill; Refill - Part Fill; Refill - Full Fill; Manufacturer Sample; Trial Quantity; Non-Prescription Fill.</p><p>Note that this overlaps somewhat with the NCPDP usage of the fillSequenceNumber.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>dispenseMethod :  <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				&quot;Contains the method by which treatment is dispensed.&quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, RXD-24.  Possible values (from HL7 Table 321) include: Traditional; Unit Dose; Floor Stock; Automatic Dispensing.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>dispenseNotes :  String (0..*)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				&quot;Contains free text notes to the person dispensing the medication/treatment (may include the ordering provider&apos;s original notes, as well as any notes from the formulary or the pharmacy or treatment supplier).  This may contain free text describing a custom IV, mixture, or salve for example.&quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, RXD-9.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>dispensingInstructions :  String (0..*)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				&quot;Contains pharmacy or treatment supplier-generated special instructions to the provider dispensing/administering the order.&quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, RXD-15.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>fillSequenceNumber :  Integer (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				&quot;The code indicating whether the prescription is an original or a refill.&quot; Valid values are 0=original; 1-99=refills. - NCPDP Data Element 403-D3    |Telecom^Claim^4 3-D3^Fill Number|  |Script^SRC^030^7897^Fill Number|
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>id :  <xref href="../t_Id.dita" >Id</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The unique identifier for this dispense, also known as a &quot;Fill Id&quot;.</p><p>&quot;This field starts with 1 the first time that medication/treatment is delivered/dispensed for this order.  Increments by one with each additional issuance.&quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, RXD-1.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>needsHumanReview :  Boolean (0..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Indicates whether &quot;the application receiving the dispense order needs to warn the person dispensing/administering the drug or treatment to pay attention to the text in [Dispensing Instructions].&quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, RXD-14.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>quantityDispensed :  <xref href="../t_PhysicalQuantity.dita" >PhysicalQuantity</xref> (0..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The quanitity of the medication dispensed to this patient in fulfillment of a request.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>specialPackaging :  <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>totalDailyDose :  <xref href="../t_PhysicalQuantity.dita" >PhysicalQuantity</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				&quot;Contains the total daily dose being dispensed as expressed in terms of the actual dispense units.&quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, RXD-12.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

 <strow>
  <stentry><p>attender : <xref href="../t_Attender.dita" >Attender</xref> (0..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>dispenseRecipient : <xref href="../t_DispenseRecipient.dita" >DispenseRecipient</xref> (0..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>dispenseToLocation : <xref href="../t_ServiceDeliveryLocation.dita" >ServiceDeliveryLocation</xref> (0..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				&quot;Contains the inpatient or outpatient location where the drug or treatment was dispensed (if applicable).  The default (null) value is the current census location for the patient.&quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, RXD-13.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>dispensedDrug : <xref href="../t_DispensedDrug.dita" >DispensedDrug</xref> (0..*)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				&quot;Identifies the medical substance or treatment ordered to be given to the patient; it is equivalent to [the Ordered Item].&quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, RXD-2.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>dispenser : <xref href="../t_IndividualProvider.dita" >IndividualProvider</xref> (0..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				&quot;Contains the provider ID of the person dispensing the pharmaceutical.&quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, RXD-10.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>dispensingDevice : <xref href="../t_Device.dita" >Device</xref> (0..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>filler : <xref href="../t_IndividualProvider.dita" >IndividualProvider</xref> (0..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>pharmacist : <xref href="../t_IndividualProvider.dita" >IndividualProvider</xref> (1..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The pharmacist responsible for dispensing the medication for this outpatient order.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>pharmacy : <xref href="../t_Pharmacy.dita" >Pharmacy</xref> (1..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				&quot;Specifies the pharmacy that will dispense or has dispensed the prescription.&quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, RXD-30.</p><p>&quot;Specifies the address of the dispensing facility or the patient&apos;s location where the dispensing will occur.&quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, RXD-31.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

</simpletable>

</section>




</body>
</topic>
