<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="PronouncementOfDeath" xml:lang="en-us">
<title id="title">PronouncementOfDeath</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc">
</shortdesc>
<body id="body" >



<section id="description" audience="developer, modeler, sme">
  <title>Description</title>
	<p>[US Standard Certificate Of Death Fields 24 - 31].  The opinion or determination, based on a physical assessment, that life has ceased.  A series of steps that need to occur to determine that a death has occurred. Involves examining patients to determine death, notifying families and in recording proper documentation of a death.  Death pronouncements are generally conducted by a physician.</p>


	
<simpletable>
 <sthead>
  <stentry>Content</stentry>
  <stentry>Description</stentry>
 </sthead>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>dateTimeOfActualOrPresumedDeath : <xref href="../t_PointInTime.dita" >PointInTime</xref> (1..1)</p> 

</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				[US Standard Certificate Of Death Field 29 and 30].  Contains the actual or presumed date and time of death as completed by person who pronounced or certified the decedent&apos;s death.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>dateTimePronouncedDead : <xref href="../t_PointInTime.dita" >PointInTime</xref> (1..1)</p> 

</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				[US Standard Certificate Of Death Fields 24 and 25].  Date and time that the decedent was pronounced dead.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>dateTimeSigned : <xref href="../t_PointInTime.dita" >PointInTime</xref> (1..1)</p> 

</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				[US Standard Certificate Of Death Field 28].  Date that the person who pronounced or certified the decedent&apos;s death signed the Certificate of Death.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>wasMedicalExaminerOrCoronerContacted : <xref href="../t_Boolean.dita" >Boolean</xref> (1..1)</p> 

</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				[US Standard Certificate Of Death Field 31].  Indicates whether the medical examiner or coroner was contacted.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

 <strow>
  <stentry><p>author : <xref href="../t_Author.dita" >Author</xref> (1..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				[US Standard Certificate Of Death Field 27].  The person who pronounced or certified the decedent&apos;s death.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

</simpletable>

</section>




</body>
</topic>
