<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="ProcessActivities" xml:lang="en-us">
<title id="title">ProcessActivities</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc">
</shortdesc>
<body id="body" >



<section id="description" audience="developer, modeler, sme">
  <title>Description</title>
	<p>action activities for consultProcedurePromise,  it is used for tracking/auditing  </p>


	
<simpletable>
 <sthead>
  <stentry>Content</stentry>
  <stentry>Description</stentry>
 </sthead>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>activity : <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The activity being taken and updated.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>comment : <xref href="../t_String.dita" >String</xref> (0..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				comment about the activity
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>time : <xref href="../t_PointInTime.dita" >PointInTime</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				 The actual date and time the activity tracking update was added to the process activities multiple.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

 <strow>
  <stentry><p>forwardedFrom : <xref href="../t_ServiceDeliveryLocation.dita" >ServiceDeliveryLocation</xref> (0..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				&quot;The location to which the patient is assigned. It is a role played by a place at which services may be provided. Note that a single physical place can play multiple service delivery location roles each with its own attributes. For example, a Podiatry clinic and Research clinic may meet on alternate days in the same physical location; each clinic uses its own mailing address and telephone number.&quot; (HL7)  Service location which forwarded the Consult to the new service location.(VISTA)   
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>lastActivity : <xref href="../t_ProcessActivities.dita" >ProcessActivities</xref> (0..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				the prior  action activity for consultProcedurePromise.  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>priorService : <xref href="../t_ServiceDepartment.dita" >ServiceDepartment</xref> (0..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				An organizational unit defined by the type of service that it provides to patients.  Examples include Surgery, Dentistry, Mental Health. the name of the service that the inter-facility consult was directed to at the remote site prior to being forwarded.  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

</simpletable>

</section>




</body>
</topic>
