<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="RadioPharmaceuticalAdministration" xml:lang="en-us">
<title id="title">RadioPharmaceuticalAdministration</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc">
</shortdesc>
<body id="body" >



<section id="description" audience="developer, modeler, sme">
  <title>Description</title>
	<p>Represents the radiopharmaceutical administration.  Equivalent to File 70.2.</p>


	
<simpletable>
 <sthead>
  <stentry>Content</stentry>
  <stentry>Description</stentry>
 </sthead>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>activityDrawn : <xref href="../t_PhysicalQuantity.dita" >PhysicalQuantity</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				This is the radiopharmaceutical activity drawn to be administered to the patient. The unit of measure is mCi.  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>bodySite : <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Indicates the body site of administration . This should be a code from File 71.7.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>dateAdministered : <xref href="../t_PointInTime.dita" >PointInTime</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The date and time this dosage was administered.   
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>dateDrawn : <xref href="../t_PointInTime.dita" >PointInTime</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The date and time the radiopharmaceutical was drawn.    
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>doseAdministered : <xref href="../t_PhysicalQuantity.dita" >PhysicalQuantity</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				The radiopharmaceutical dosage actually administered to the patient.   
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>doseForm : <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Form: &quot;The shape and structure of something as distinguished from its material&quot; (Webster&apos;s Medical Dictionary).  Indicates the form of the material making up a single dose (as opposed to how the dose is packaged).  Possible values include Tablet, Drop, Lozenge, Cream, etc. [Maintained by Pharmacy Domain]  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>dosePrescibed : <xref href="../t_PhysicalQuantity.dita" >PhysicalQuantity</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				This is the dosage (in mCi) of this radiopharmaceutical as prescribed by an MD. 
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>lotNumber : <xref href="../t_String.dita" >String</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Indicates the radiopharmaceutical lot number .  This should be a code from File 71.9.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>route : <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Indicates the route of administration .  This should be a code from File 71.6.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>volume : <xref href="../t_PhysicalQuantity.dita" >PhysicalQuantity</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Indicates the volume of the radiopharmaceutical administered.  The units of measure will either be &apos;c&apos; for caplets or &apos;m&apos; for milliliters.  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

 <strow>
  <stentry><p>performer : <xref href="../t_PrimaryPerformer.dita" >PrimaryPerformer</xref> (1..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>radiopharmaceutical : <xref href="../t_OrderablePharmacyItem.dita" >OrderablePharmacyItem</xref> (1..*)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				A radiopharmaceutical associated with this examination should be entered here. Equivalent to a pointer to File 71.  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

</simpletable>

</section>




</body>
</topic>
