<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="ReferenceRangeCriterion" xml:lang="en-us">
<title id="title">ReferenceRangeCriterion</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc">
</shortdesc>
<body id="body" >



<section id="description" audience="developer, modeler, sme">
  <title>Description</title>
	<p>Indicates the criteron by which the reference range is valid.  Different reference ranges may be defined based on the subject&apos;s age, race, sex, etc.</p>


	
<simpletable>
 <sthead>
  <stentry>Content</stentry>
  <stentry>Description</stentry>
 </sthead>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>criterionCategory :  <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Indicates the criteron by which the reference range is valid.  Different reference ranges may be defined based on the subject&apos;s age, race, sex, etc.</p><p></p><p>&quot;Contains the nature of the abnormal test....  As many of the codes as apply may be included&quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, OBX-10.  Possible values (from HL7 Table 80) include: An age-based population; None - generic normal range; A race-based population; A sex-based population; Species; Breed; Strain.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>criterionDescription :  String (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Describes the criteron by which the reference range is valid.  Different reference ranges may be defined based on the subject&apos;s age, race, sex, etc.  This property is a human-readable label for the criterion, it is not necessarily computable.  Examples include 40-50 years old, Female, etc.  </p><p></p><p>
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>effectiveDate :  <xref href="../t_PointInTime.dita" >PointInTime</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				&quot;Contains the date (and, optionally, the time) on which the values in OBX-7-reference range went into effect....&quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, OBX-12.  Note that we may wish change this to a date range in the future.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>


</simpletable>

</section>




</body>
</topic>
