<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="Specialty" xml:lang="en-us">
<title id="title">Specialty</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc">
</shortdesc>
<body id="body" >



<section id="description" audience="developer, modeler, sme">
  <title>Description</title>
	<p>A specialty in medicine is a branch of medical science. After completing medical school, physicians or surgeons usually further their medical education in a specific specialty of medicine by completing a multiple year residency. Medical practitioners who engage in a medical specialty are known as medical specialists.    Specialists may be Board Eligible or Board Certified.  Board certified in medicine means a physician has taken and passed a medical specialty examination.  Board eligible, by contrast, means that a physician has completed the requirements for admission to a medical specialty board examination but has not taken and passed the examination.  For example, a physician must perform 3 years of training in an approved pediatric residency to be board eligible and then successfully complete a comprehensive written examination to be certified by the American Board of Pediatrics.</p>


	
<simpletable>
 <sthead>
  <stentry>Content</stentry>
  <stentry>Description</stentry>
 </sthead>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>specialty : <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 

</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				A code identifying the branch of medical science in which the provider has chosen to specialize.  This code should be from the National Uniform Claims Committee (NUCC) codeset.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>


</simpletable>

</section>




</body>
</topic>
