<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="SpinalCordAssessment" xml:lang="en-us">
<title id="title">SpinalCordAssessment</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc">
</shortdesc>
<body id="body" >

<section id="generalizations"  audience="developer, modeler">
  <title>Hierarchy</title>
	SpinalCordAssessment is a kind of <xref href="../t_SpinalCordEvent.dita">SpinalCordEvent</xref>	
</section>


<section id="description" audience="developer, modeler, sme">
  <title>Description</title>
	<p>Contains the Code Set that identifies the type of score for the Assessment tool. ASIA, FIM, FAM CHARTSF etc.</p>

	<p>Contains the Code Set that identifies the tyepe of score for the Assessment tool.</p>


	
<simpletable>
 <sthead>
  <stentry>Content</stentry>
  <stentry>Description</stentry>
 </sthead>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>affectivePainRatingIndex :  Integer (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Contains the calculated value for the Affected Pain Rating Index for the patient.
				Contains the rating value for the patient s subjective measurement of affective pain.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>assessmentFormType :  <xref href="../t_Code.dita" >Code</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Contains the codes that identify the type Assessment Form the Patient informations is being gathered for. ie. ASIA, FIN FAM CHARTSFetc
				Contains the code set that identifies the Assessment Instrument ( form) ie. SWLS, FIM, ASIA, CHART-SF, FAM, DUSOI-A etc.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>bodyMassIndex :  <xref href="../t_PhysicalQuantity.dita" >PhysicalQuantity</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Contains the calculated value for the BMI or Body Mass Index 
				Contains the BMI dcore for the veteran.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>cognitiveSubTotal :  Integer (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Contains Cognitive Assessment value for veteran    
				Contains Cognitive Assessment value for veteran  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>diagnosticHealthProblemScore :  Integer (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Contains the diagnostic health problem assessment value for the veteran      
				Contains the diagnostic health problem assessment value for the veteran
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>height :  <xref href="../t_PhysicalQuantity.dita" >PhysicalQuantity</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>highestNeurologicalLevel :  Integer (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Contains the highest Nreuorlogical Level score for the veteran.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>id :  <xref href="../t_Id.dita" >Id</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Unique identifier for the SpinalCordAssessment   
				Contains the unique identifier for the  Assessment Tool
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>impairmentScale :  Integer (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Contains the Impairment Scale value for the veteran.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>mentalComponentScore :  Integer (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Contains the mental component assessment value for the veteran  
				Contains the mental component assessment value for the veteran
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>motorSubTotal :  Integer (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Contains Motor Assessment value for veteran  
				Contains Motor Assessment value for veteran
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>overallCYHDepression :  Integer (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Contains the subscore for the veteran overall Depression  
				Contains the subscore for the veteran overall Depression
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>overallCYHHealth :  Integer (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Contains the subscore for the veteran overall Health.
				Contains the subscore for the veteran overall Health
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>overallCYHIndependance :  Integer (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Contains the subscore for the veteran overall Independance  
				Contains the subscore for the veteran overall Independance
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>painScale :  Integer (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Contains the scale value for the patient s overall pain. 
				Contains the calculated value for the pain scale.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>physicalComponentScore :  Integer (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Contains the physical component assessment value for the veteran
				Contains the physical component assessment value for the veteran  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>score :  Integer (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Contains the total score for the Assessment tool
				Contains the total score for the Assessment tool  
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>sensoryPainRatingIndex :  Integer (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Contains the calculated value for the Sensory Pain Rating Index for the patient.
				Contains the rating value for the patient s subjective measurement of sensory pain.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>totalPainRatingIndex :  Integer (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Contains the calculated value for the Total Pain Rating Index for the patient.
				Contains the patient s total rating value for subjective measurement of pain.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>visualAnalogScale :  Integer (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Contains the calculated value for the Visual Anaolog Scale for the patient.
				Contains the scale value for the patient s visual analogue.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>

  <stentry><p>weight :  <xref href="../t_PhysicalQuantity.dita" >PhysicalQuantity</xref> (1..1)</p> 
</stentry>
  <stentry><p>			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

 <strow>
  <stentry><p>assessmentPatient : <xref href="../t__PatientLite.dita" >_PatientLite</xref> (0..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>assessmentSection : <xref href="../t_AssessmentSection.dita" >AssessmentSection</xref> (1..*)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Contains information that is pertinent to Assessment grouping or Section on the Assessment to
				 Association to the class that identifies the Assessment section or grouping on the assessment tool.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>attendantCare : <xref href="../t_AttendantCare.dita" >AttendantCare</xref> (0..*)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Contains information regarding attendant care for the spinal cord injury patient
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>attender : <xref href="../t_Attender.dita" >Attender</xref> (0..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>author : <xref href="../t_Author.dita" >Author</xref> (1..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>comments : <xref href="../t_CommentEvent.dita" >CommentEvent</xref> (0..*)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>diagnosisList : <xref href="../t_DiagnosisListEntry.dita" >DiagnosisListEntry</xref> (0..*)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>spinalCordAssessmentGoal  : <xref href="../t_SpinalCordAssessmentGoal .dita" >SpinalCordAssessmentGoal </xref> (0..*)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				Association to the class that identifies the value which indicates numeric goal for spinal Cord injury patient&apos;s rehabilitation.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>
 <strow>
  <stentry><p>transcriber : <xref href="../t_Transcriber.dita" >Transcriber</xref> (0..1)</p></stentry>
  <stentry><p>				&quot;An entity entering the data into the originating system. The data entry entity is collected optionally for internal quality control purposes. This includes the transcriptionist for dictated text transcribed into electronic form.&quot; - HL7 V3.
			</p>
  </stentry>
  </strow>

</simpletable>

</section>




</body>
</topic>
