<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN"
 "topic.dtd">
<topic id="topicId" xml:lang="en-us">
	<title>FHIM Domain</title>
	<body>	
			<p>The Federal Health Information Model (FHIM) is a Unified Modeling Language (UML) model that describes the health-related Information needed by the Federal Health Architecture (FHA) federal partner organizations. The FHIM is a Logical Information Model, suitable to guide the Enterprise Architecture of the federal partner organizations &#8211; in other words, each agency&#8217;s Enterprise Data Architecture would conceivably subset and specialize the FHIM models. The FHIM model is aligned with existing and emerging healthcare IT standards, such as those issued by HL7 and IHE, and those endorsed or profiled by HITSP and the ONC Standards and Interoperability Framework for incorporation into Meaningful Use regulations.</p><p></p><p>One of the primary goals of the FHIM is to enable meaningful information exchange within the partner agencies and externally with the broader health community. Therefore, the FHIM provides a semantic information basis for information exchange, traceability, and alignment into industry information models and standards. FHIM classes and attributes are aligned to the HL7 3.0 Reference Information Model (RIM).  This allows standards developers to transform the FHIM into a form that can be used to generate  industry-standard HL7 payloads and messaging. The FHIM currently supports transforms to HL7 V3 and NIEM, but other standards are envisioned, including HL7 version 2, ASC X12, Oracle, Java, etc.</p><p></p><p>The FHIM is an integrated model, and each diagram shows only a portion of the model; otherwise it would become too unwieldy to navigate. When a class in a diagram comes from a different package, it will contain &#8220;(from &lt;package&gt;)&#8221; beneath the class name, where &lt;package&gt; is the name of the package containing that class. Whenever you see a class on a diagram that contains &#8220;(from &lt;package&gt;)&#8221;, please view that package for more information on what other relationships that class may have.</p>



	</body>
</topic>
