<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="classId" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>_ Inpatient Medication Administration - conformance rules</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc"></shortdesc>
<prolog id="prolog">
</prolog>
<body>
<section id="description">
</section>
<ol id="conformance">
<li>Extends <xref href="../_MedicationAdministrationEvent.dita">_ Medication Administration Event</xref></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>isPrnActivity</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Boolean.dita">Boolean</xref>
<ul><li>I&amp;apos;m guessing that this is a boolean.  Vista definition is: The PRN REASON FLAG field is to indicate whether the BCMA Med Log file entry is PRN activity and has an associated PRN REASON which has been set to require BCMA user attention or action.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>patientLocation</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../String.dita">String</xref>
<ul><li>Free text; location (room, bed and ward) of the patient at the time of the medication administration.</li></ul></li>
</ol>
<ol id="aggregate">
<li>Extends <xref href="../_MedicationAdministrationEvent.dita">_ Medication Administration Event</xref></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>dateTime</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../PointInTime.dita">Point In Time</xref>
<ul><li>The date and time that the medication was or will be administered.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>bodySite</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Code.dita">Code</xref>
</li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>doseForm</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Code.dita">Code</xref>
</li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>doseQuantityGiven</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Real.dita">Real</xref>
<ul><li>&amp;quot;The amount of the therapeutic agent or other substance given at one administration event.&amp;quot; (HL7 3.0)  </li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>doseQuantityOrdered</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Real.dita">Real</xref>
<ul><li>&amp;quot;The amount of the therapeutic agent or other substance given at one administration event.&amp;quot; (HL7 3.0)  </li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>route</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Code.dita">Code</xref>
</li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>status</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Code.dita">Code</xref>
<ul><li>The current state of the Substance Administration.  Possible values include: Infusing, Given, Held, Completed, etc.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>isPrnActivity</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Boolean.dita">Boolean</xref>
<ul><li>I&amp;apos;m guessing that this is a boolean.  Vista definition is: The PRN REASON FLAG field is to indicate whether the BCMA Med Log file entry is PRN activity and has an associated PRN REASON which has been set to require BCMA user attention or action.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>patientLocation</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../String.dita">String</xref>
<ul><li>Free text; location (room, bed and ward) of the patient at the time of the medication administration.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains zero or more [0..*] <tt><b>administeredDrug</b></tt>, where its type is <xref href="../AdministeredDrug.dita">Administered Drug</xref>
</li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>administeringProvider</b></tt>, where its type is <xref href="../PrimaryPerformer.dita">Primary Performer</xref>
</li>
<li>Contains zero or more [0..*] <tt><b>comments</b></tt>, where its type is <xref href="../CommentEvent.dita">Comment Event</xref>
<ul><li>Comments regarding the Medication order.</li></ul><ul><li>Any additional comments regarding the SubstanceAdministrationEvent.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains zero or more [0..*] <tt><b>observedReaction</b></tt>, where its type is <xref href="../ObservedReaction.dita">Observed Reaction</xref>
</li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>orderedItem</b></tt>, where its type is <xref href="../OrderablePharmacyItem.dita">Orderable Pharmacy Item</xref>
<ul><li>The item that was ordered to be administered to the patient.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>patient</b></tt>, where its type is <xref href="../Patient.dita">Patient</xref>
</li>
</ol>
<codeblock id="example"><![CDATA[]]></codeblock>
<section id="changes">
</section>
<p><ph id="classformalname">_ Inpatient Medication Administration</ph></p>
</body>
</topic>
