<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="classId" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Tested Specimen - conformance rules</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc"></shortdesc>
<prolog id="prolog">
</prolog>
<body>
<section id="description">
</section>
<ol id="conformance">
<li>Extends <xref href="../Specimen.dita">Specimen</xref></li>
</ol>
<ol id="aggregate">
<li>Extends <xref href="../Specimen.dita">Specimen</xref></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>description</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../String.dita">String</xref>
<ul><li>Contains a general description of the specimen</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>handlingCode</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Code.dita">Code</xref>
<ul><li>&amp;quot;Describes how the specimen and/or container need to be handled from the time of collection through the initiation of testing.&amp;quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, SPM.15.  Examples include &amp;quot;keep frozen&amp;quot;.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains zero or one [0..1] <tt><b>id</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Id.dita">Id</xref>
<ul><li>&amp;quot;This field contains a unique identifier for the specimen as referenced by the Placer application, the Filler application, or both.&amp;quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, SPM.2</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>dangerCode</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Code.dita">Code</xref>
<ul><li>Describes &amp;quot;any known or suspected specimen hazards, e.g., exceptionally infectious agent or blood from a hepatitis patient.&amp;quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, SPM.16</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>specimenExpirationDateTime</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../PointInTime.dita">Point In Time</xref>
<ul><li>&amp;quot;The date and time the specimen can no longer be used for the purpose implied by the order.&amp;quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, SPM.19</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>specimenRole</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Code.dita">Code</xref>
<ul><li>&amp;quot;This field indicates the role of the sample. Refer to User-defined Table 0369   Specimen role for suggested values....&amp;quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, SPM.11  Provides an indication of how this sample relates to other aspects of the overall workflow and/or to other specimens gathered or processed during the workflow.  This property is populated from HL7 V2 user-defined Table 0369, which contains a mish-mash of concepts including &amp;quot;group&amp;quot; and &amp;quot;pool&amp;quot; which relate to aliquotting, &amp;quot;calibarator&amp;quot;, &amp;quot;verifying calibrator&amp;quot;, &amp;quot;operator testing&amp;quot;, etc. which relate to laboratory quality assurance, etc.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>specimenSource</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Code.dita">Code</xref>
<ul><li>&amp;quot;Source from which the specimen was obtained. For environmental samples, this may describe the location of the source of the specimen. For biological samples it may represent the anatomical site from which the specimen was collected.&amp;quot; - HL7 V2.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>specimenType</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Code.dita">Code</xref>
<ul><li>&amp;quot;This field describes the precise nature of the entity that will be the source material for the observation.  Any physical entity that may have observations made about it may qualify as a specimen.  The entry in this attribute describes the specific entity as precisely as possible, whether that is a complex organism (e.g., an ostrich) or a specific cellular mass (e.g., a specific muscle biopsy).&amp;quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, SPM.4</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains zero or one [0..1] <tt><b>specimenTypeModifier</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Code.dita">Code</xref>
<ul><li>&amp;quot;This field contains modifying or qualifying description(s) about the specimen type.  The use of this attribute is to modify, qualify or further specify, the entity described by SPM-4 -Specimen Type.  This is particularly useful when the code set used in SPM-4-Specimen Type does not provide the precision required to fully describe the specimen.  For example, if the specimen was precisely described as  capillary venous blood  but the code set employed only provided  venous blood,  this attribute could be employed to add the modifier  capillary. &amp;quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, SPM.5</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains zero or more [0..*] <tt><b>specimenContainer</b></tt>, where its type is <xref href="../SpecimenContainer.dita">Specimen Container</xref>
<ul><li>Identifes the container in which the specimen was placed.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains zero or more [0..*] <tt><b>relatedSpecimen</b></tt>, where its type is <xref href="../RelatedSpecimen.dita">Related Specimen</xref>
<ul><li>Contains other Specimens to which this Specimen is related in some manner.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains zero or more [0..*] <tt><b>specimenHandling</b></tt>, where its type is <xref href="../SpecimenHandling.dita">Specimen Handling</xref>
</li>
</ol>
<codeblock id="example"><![CDATA[]]></codeblock>
<section id="changes">
</section>
<p><ph id="classformalname">Tested Specimen</ph></p>
</body>
</topic>
