<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN"
 "topic.dtd">
<topic id="topicId" xml:lang="en-us">
	<title>Organization of This Guide</title>
	<body>
<p>The guide contains a chapter for each included domain. Each of the domain chapters will start with the Diagram Section containing a UML Class Diagram and corresponding description. This can be followed by an optional Definitions Section where all class structures are defined, and finally an optional Value Sets Section where any terminology used by the domain will be documented.</p>

<p>The Definition Section will have one table per class and one row per property, with two columns, Content and Description. The Content column contains the name, type, cardinality of the property, and, optionally, a reference to a value set. The Description column will contain a detailed description of the element named in the Content column. The attributes are ordered first by UML feature type (Attributes first, then Associations), then by name. Attribute types are data types, while an association specifies the class at the distal end. Note that associations are only listed for the source class of the association, not the target class. The upper bound cardinality of "*" should be interpreted as no restriction on the number of instances.</p>

<p>The Value Sets Section displays each value set in a table, containing the name of the value set, source code system, version, definition, and a URL for inspecting the value set members. Shorter value sets will be listed explicitly, each value having its own row with its code, code system, and print name. Longer value sets may be inspected by following the provided URL.</p>

<p>The purpose of this review is to identify the data elements required for the interoperable exchange of Allergies/HealthConcern/VitalSigns Domains (including dependencies) . A column is provided at the far right of the table for you to enter comments related to each data element. If the class or domain is missing data elements, please add a row at the bottom of the sheet and specify a name, description, and type of data (e.g. numeric, string, date/time, code). Once you have reviewed the data elements, please review the value sets associated with the coded data elements. Please provide feedback by adding comments in the column provided at the right of item/row or by adding rows at the bottom table. 
For any new coded concepts without a valid code yet, our team will propose them for addition in the source coding system.</p>

	</body>
</topic>
