<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="classId" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Authorization Policy - conformance rules</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc"></shortdesc>
<prolog id="prolog">
</prolog>
<body>
<section id="description">
<p>This class is used to describe an authorization policy that may be exchanged across domains. An AuthorizationPolicy instance specifies &amp;apos;permitted actions&amp;apos; according to ISO 22600-2. A positive/negative authorization policy defines the actions ( &amp;apos;OperationType &amp;apos;) that a subject is permitted/forbidden to perform on a target. Actions encoded using the &amp;apos;OperationType &amp;apos; class represent the operations defined in the interface of a target object contrary to obligations/refrain policies, which are interpreted by the subject while the object might be open in this perspective.  The following are the attributes of an AuthorizationPolicy:</p>
</section>
<ol id="conformance">
<li>Extends <xref href="../BasicPolicy.dita">Basic Policy</xref></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>levelOfAssurance</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Integer.dita">Integer</xref>
<ul><li> Level of Assurance (LoA) refers to the degree of certainty that (1) a resource owner has that a person&amp;apos;s physical self has been adequately verified before credentials are issued by a registration authority, and (2) a user indeed owns the credentials they are subsequently presenting to access the resource.  The requirements for the level of certainty at both ends of that set of transactions should be driven by a risk assessment based on the value of the resources being protected. LoA is relevant to authentication, authorization, and access control in an SOA environment. Relevant references: &amp;apos;InCommon Credential Assessment Profile r0.3&amp;apos;, &amp;apos;NIST 800-63: Electronic Authentication Guideline&amp;apos;, and &amp;apos;NIST 800-53: Recommended Security Controls for Federal Information Systems&amp;apos;. Access may only be granted when authentication mechanisms of at least a given strength are used. That is indicated using the Level of Assurance. </li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>enablesAuthorization</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Boolean.dita">Boolean</xref>
<ul><li>This attribute is used to specify if the policy enables or declines an authorization. If this attribute is set to &amp;apos;true&amp;apos; the policy authorizes the actions and conditions pertaining to the resources referenced by the policy. Otherwise the authorization is declined.</li></ul></li>
</ol>
<ol id="aggregate">
<li>Extends <xref href="../Policy.dita">Policy</xref></li>
<li>Extends <xref href="../BasicPolicy.dita">Basic Policy</xref></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>description</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../String.dita">String</xref>
<ul><li>This attribute specifies the narrative description of the policy. </li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>effectiveTime</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../TimeInterval.dita">Time Interval</xref>
<ul><li>This attribute specifies the period of time (e.g., start date, end date) during which the privacy policy described by ePolicy is in effect.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>id</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Id.dita">Id</xref>
<ul><li>Uniquely identifies the policy</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>name</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../String.dita">String</xref>
<ul><li>A human discernible name for the policy</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>status</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Code.dita">Code</xref>
<ul><li>This attribute indicates whether the policy is active or not</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>uri</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../String.dita">String</xref>
<ul><li>The location of published policy.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>purposeOfUse</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Code.dita">Code</xref>
<ul><li>This attribute is used to specify the purpose to permit a specific type of action/operation according to the policy. The vocabulary analysis section provides additional illustrative values for the concept embodied by this attribute. </li></ul></li>
<li>Contains zero or more [0..*] <tt><b>allowableAccessTime</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../TimeInterval.dita">Time Interval</xref>
<ul><li>An access may be allowed only during specific time periods of the day (e.g., 9 am to 5 pm).</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>route</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Code.dita">Code</xref>
<ul><li>This attribute specifies whether access to protected information may only be granted for a specified route of access.  For example, access may be restricted to remote users using a Virtual Private Network (VPN). The route is a context qualifier as specified by ISO/IEC 10164-9.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>levelOfAssurance</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Integer.dita">Integer</xref>
<ul><li> Level of Assurance (LoA) refers to the degree of certainty that (1) a resource owner has that a person&amp;apos;s physical self has been adequately verified before credentials are issued by a registration authority, and (2) a user indeed owns the credentials they are subsequently presenting to access the resource.  The requirements for the level of certainty at both ends of that set of transactions should be driven by a risk assessment based on the value of the resources being protected. LoA is relevant to authentication, authorization, and access control in an SOA environment. Relevant references: &amp;apos;InCommon Credential Assessment Profile r0.3&amp;apos;, &amp;apos;NIST 800-63: Electronic Authentication Guideline&amp;apos;, and &amp;apos;NIST 800-53: Recommended Security Controls for Federal Information Systems&amp;apos;. Access may only be granted when authentication mechanisms of at least a given strength are used. That is indicated using the Level of Assurance. </li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>enablesAuthorization</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Boolean.dita">Boolean</xref>
<ul><li>This attribute is used to specify if the policy enables or declines an authorization. If this attribute is set to &amp;apos;true&amp;apos; the policy authorizes the actions and conditions pertaining to the resources referenced by the policy. Otherwise the authorization is declined.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains zero or more [0..*] <tt><b>authority</b></tt>, where its type is <xref href="../Authority.dita">Authority</xref>
<ul><li>This is an association to the Authority that issued the policy.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains zero or more [0..*] <tt><b>securityRole</b></tt>, where its type is <xref href="../SecurityRole.dita">Security Role</xref>
<ul><li>ISO-22600 specifies a role as &amp;apos;set of competences and/or performances which is associated with a task&amp;apos;. A role is a specialization of CompositePolicy that define a group of policies (authorization, obligation, delegation and refrain policies).</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains zero or more [0..*] <tt><b>operationType</b></tt>, where its type is <xref href="../Operation.dita">Operation</xref>
<ul><li>This association refers to the operation associated with the policy.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains zero or more [0..*] <tt><b>informationReference</b></tt>, where its type is <xref href="../InformationReference.dita">Information Reference</xref>
<ul><li>This association references the attributes of the information referenced in the policy. </li></ul></li>
</ol>
<codeblock id="example"><![CDATA[]]></codeblock>
<section id="changes">
</section>
<p><ph id="classformalname">Authorization Policy</ph></p>
</body>
</topic>
