<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="classId" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Birth Certificate - conformance rules</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc"></shortdesc>
<prolog id="prolog">
</prolog>
<body>
<section id="description">
</section>
<ol id="conformance">
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>apgarScore5Minutes</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../CodedOrdinal.dita">Coded Ordinal</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 51    Contains the Apgar score (which is a simple and repeatable method to quickly and summarily assess the health of newborn children immediately after birth) 5 minutes after the birth of the infant.    &amp;quot;The test is generally done at one and five minutes after birth, and may be repeated later if the score is and remains low. Scores 3 and below are generally regarded as critically low, 4 to 6 fairly low, and 7 to 10 generally normal.&amp;quot; - Wikipedia.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains zero or one [0..1] <tt><b>apgarScore10Minutes</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../CodedOrdinal.dita">Coded Ordinal</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 51    Contains the Apgar score (which is a simple and repeatable method to quickly and summarily assess the health of newborn children immediately after birth) 10 minutes after the birth of the infant.  This property is required if the 5 minute Apgar score is less than 6.    &amp;quot;The test is generally done at one and five minutes after birth, and may be repeated later if the score is and remains low. Scores 3 and below are generally regarded as critically low, 4 to 6 fairly low, and 7 to 10 generally normal.&amp;quot; - Wikipedia.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>attendantId</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Id.dita">Id</xref>
</li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>attendantName</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../PersonName.dita">Person Name</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 27    Indicates the name of the attending clinician.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>attendantTitleCategory</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Code.dita">Code</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 27    Indicates the title of the attending clinician.  Choices include: MD, DO, CNM/CM, Other Midwife, or Other (if Other is chosen, attendantTitleOther is used to specify.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>attendantTitleOther</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../String.dita">String</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 27    Indicates the title of the attending clinician.  If attendantTitleCategory is &amp;quot;Other&amp;quot;, then this property is used to specify.  Otherwise this property is not used.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>birthPlaceAddress</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Address.dita">Address</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 06 and 07    The address of the location (i.e., institution, home, in the car on the way to the hospital) at which the infant was born.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>birthPlaceCategory</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Code.dita">Code</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 26    Categorizes the place at which the birth occured.  Possible values include: Hospital; Freestanding birthing center; Home birth*; Clinic/Doctor&amp;apos;s office; or Other**.  * = if Home birth is chosen, wasHomeDeliveryPlanned is used to indicate whether a home delivery was planned.  ** = if other is chosen, birthPlaceOther provides a free text in which to describe the location.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>birthPlaceFacility</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../String.dita">String</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 05    The name of the facility at which the infant was born.  If not a facility (e.g., at home), the street address goes in field 5 on the report, but would be retreived from the BirthPlaceAddress property; this property would be unused.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>birthPlaceFacilityId</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Id.dita">Id</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 17    Identifies the faclity at which the child was born.  Should be the National Provider Identifier for the facility.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>birthPlaceOther</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../String.dita">String</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 26    Provides further details in free text regarding the place at which the birth occured.  Used only when birthPlaceCategory is &amp;quot;Other&amp;quot;.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>birthWeight</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../PhysicalQuantity.dita">Physical Quantity</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 49    The weight of the infant at birth.  Can be expressed in either pounds/ounces or grams.  The use of grams is preferred.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>certifierName</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../PersonName.dita">Person Name</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 11    Indicates the name of the person who certified the birth of the infant.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>certifierTitleCategory</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Code.dita">Code</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 11    Indicates the title of the person who certified the birth of the infant.  Choices include: MD, DO, Hospital Administrator, CNM/CM, Other Midwife, or Other (if Other is chosen, certifierTitleOther is used to specify.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>certifierTitleOther</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../String.dita">String</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 11    Indicates the title of the person who certified the birth of the infant.  If certifierTitleCategory is &amp;quot;Other&amp;quot;, then this property is used to specify.  Otherwise this property is not used.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>dateCertified</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../PointInTime.dita">Point In Time</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 12    Indicates the date that the infant&amp;apos;s birth was certified.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>dateFiledByRegistrar</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../PointInTime.dita">Point In Time</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 13    Indicates the date that the birth certificate was filed by the registrar.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>dateLastNormalMensesBegan</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../PointInTime.dita">Point In Time</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 39    Indicates the date on which the infant&amp;apos;s mother last experienced the beginning of a normal menstrual cycle.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>dateOfFirstPrenatalVisit</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../PointInTime.dita">Point In Time</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 29a    Provides the date of the first pre-natal care visit for the pregnancy resulting in this birth.  Note that Box 29a also has a &amp;quot;No Prenatal care&amp;quot; checkbox, which is not modeled; it is assumed that this box can be calculated based on whether or not numberOfPrenatalVisits = 0.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains zero or one [0..1] <tt><b>dateOfLastLiveBirth</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../PointInTime.dita">Point In Time</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 35c    Indicates the date on which the last child was born alive (e.g., not stillborn) to this infant&amp;apos;s mother before this infant was born (i.e., not including this child).</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>dateOfLastOtherPregnancyOutcome</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../PointInTime.dita">Point In Time</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 36b    Indicates the date on which the last &amp;quot;other pregnancy outcome (spontaneous or induced losses or ectopic pregnancies)&amp;quot; occurred.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>dateOfLastPrenatalVisit</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../PointInTime.dita">Point In Time</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 29b    Provides the date of the last pre-natal care visit for the pregnancy resulting in this birth.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>didMotherReceiveWicFood</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Boolean.dita">Boolean</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 34    Indicates whether the mother received Women and Infant Children (WIC) food assistance for herself during this pregnancy.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>fatherHispanicOriginCategory</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Code.dita">Code</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 24    Indicates whether the infant&amp;apos;s father is of Hispanic origin, and if so, further categorizes her ethnicity.  Possible values include: No, not Spanish/Hispanic/Latino; Yes, Mexican, Mexican American, Chicano; Yes, Puerto Rican; Yes, Cuban; and Yes, other Spanish/Hispanic/Latino.  If &amp;quot;Yes, other Spanish/Hispanic/Latino&amp;quot; is chosen, then the fatherHispanicOriginOther is used to further specify.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>fatherHispanicOriginOther</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../String.dita">String</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 24    If fatherHispanicOriginCategory is &amp;quot;Yes, other Spanish/Hispanic/Latino&amp;quot;, then this free text property is used to further specify the infant&amp;apos;s father&amp;apos;s ethnicity.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>fathersBirthAddress</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../BirthAddress.dita">Birth Address</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 10c    The birthplace (limited to State, Territory, or Foreign Country) of the infant&amp;apos;s mother.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>fathersCurrentLegalName</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../PersonName.dita">Person Name</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 10a    The legal name of the infant&amp;apos;s father at the time of the infant&amp;apos;s birth.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>fathersDateOfBirth</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../PointInTime.dita">Point In Time</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 10b    The infant&amp;apos;s father&amp;apos;s date of birth.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>fathersEducationLevel</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Code.dita">Code</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 23    Categorizes the degree or level of school completed by the infant&amp;apos;s father at the time of delivery.  Possible values include: 8th grade or less; 9th-12th grade, no diploma; High school graduate or GED completed; Some college credit, but no degree; Associate degree (e.g., AA, AS); Bachelor&amp;apos;s degree (e.g., BA, AB, BS); Master&amp;apos;s degree (e.g., MA, MS, MEng, MSW, MBA); Doctorate (e.g., PhD, EdD), or Professional degree (e.g., MD, DDS, DVM, LLB, JD).</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>fathersRaceCategory</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Code.dita">Code</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 25    Indicates the race(s) that the infant&amp;apos;s father considers himself to be.  Possible values include: White; Black, or African American; American Indian or Alaska Native**; Asian Indian; Chinese; Filipino; Japanese; Korean; Vietnamese; Other Asian**; Native Hawaiian; Guamanian or Chamorro; Samoan; Other Pacific Islander**; Other**.  **If Alaska Native is chosen, the fathersRaceOther free text field is used to specify the name of his enrolled or principal tribe; if Other Asian, Other Pacific Islander, or Other is chosen, the fathersRaceOther free text field is used to provide further specificity.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>fathersRaceOther</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../String.dita">String</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 25    Provides further specificity for the infant&amp;apos;s father&amp;apos;s race.  Used only if fathersRaceCategory is Alaska Native, Other Asian, Other Pacific Islander, or Other.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>fathersSsn</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../String.dita">String</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 19    The Social Security Number of the infant&amp;apos;s father.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>hasPaternityAcknowledgementBeenSigned</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Boolean.dita">Boolean</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 15    If the isMotherMarried property is false, i.e., the infant&amp;apos;s mother was not married at birth, conception, or any time in between, this property indicates whether the father has signed a paternity acknowlegement.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>infantTransferredToFacility</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../String.dita">String</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 56    If the infant was transferred to another facility within 24 hours of delivery (i.e., wasInfantTransferred = true), this property is used to identify the receiving facility.  Not used when wasInfantTransferred = false.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>isInfantBreastFed</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Boolean.dita">Boolean</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 58    Indicates whether the infant was being breastfed at the time of discharge.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>isInfantLiving</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Code.dita">Code</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 57    Indicates whether the infant is living at the time the report (i.e., the US Standard Certificate Of Birth) was completed.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>isMotherMarried</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Boolean.dita">Boolean</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 15    Indicates whether the infant&amp;apos;s mother was married at birth, conception, or any time in between.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>isMothersMailingAddressSameAsResidence</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Boolean.dita">Boolean</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 14    Indicates whether the mother&amp;apos;s mailing address and the mother&amp;apos;s residence address at the time of the infant&amp;apos;s birth are the same or different.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>isMothersResidenceInsideCityLimits</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Boolean.dita">Boolean</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 09g    Indicates whether the mother&amp;apos;s residence at the time of the infant&amp;apos;s birth is within city limits.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>motherHispanicOriginCategory</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Code.dita">Code</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 21    Indicates whether the infant&amp;apos;s mother is of Hispanic origin, and if so, further categorizes her ethnicity.  Possible values include: No, not Spanish/Hispanic/Latina; Yes, Mexican, Mexican American, Chicana; Yes, Puerto Rican; Yes, Cuban; and Yes, other Spanish/Hispanic/Latina.  If &amp;quot;Yes, other Spanish/Hispanic/Latina&amp;quot; is chosen, then the motherHispanicOriginOther is used to further specify.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>motherHispanicOriginOther</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../String.dita">String</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 21    If motherHispanicOriginCategory is &amp;quot;Yes, other Spanish/Hispanic/Latina&amp;quot;, then this free text property is used to further specify the infant&amp;apos;s mother&amp;apos;s ethnicity.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>mothersBirthAddress</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../BirthAddress.dita">Birth Address</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 08d    The birthplace (limited to State, Territory, or Foreign Country) of the infant&amp;apos;s mother.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>mothersCurrentLegalName</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../PersonName.dita">Person Name</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 08a    The legal name of the infant&amp;apos;s mother at the time of the infant&amp;apos;s birth.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>mothersDateOfBirth</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../PointInTime.dita">Point In Time</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 08b    The infant&amp;apos;s mother&amp;apos;s date of birth.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>mothersEducationLevel</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Code.dita">Code</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 20    Categorizes the degree or level of school completed by the infant&amp;apos;s mother at the time of delivery.  Possible values include: 8th grade or less; 9th-12th grade, no diploma; High school graduate or GED completed; Some college credit, but no degree; Associate degree (e.g., AA, AS); Bachelor&amp;apos;s degree (e.g., BA, AB, BS); Master&amp;apos;s degree (e.g., MA, MS, MEng, MSW, MBA); Doctorate (e.g., PhD, EdD), or Professional degree (e.g., MD, DDS, DVM, LLB, JD).</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>mothersHeight</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../PhysicalQuantity.dita">Physical Quantity</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 31    Indicates the infant&amp;apos;s mother height (displayed in feet/inches).</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>mothersMaidenName</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../PersonName.dita">Person Name</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 08c    The legal name of the infant&amp;apos;s mother at the time of her birth.  Note that this might be derived from the infant&amp;apos;s Person record, as this is used as a Person Demographic property for purposes of Identity Management.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>mothersMailingAddress</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Address.dita">Address</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 14    The mailing address of the mother at the time of the infant&amp;apos;s birth.  Used if different than the mothersResidenceAddress</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>mothersMedicalRecordId</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../String.dita">String</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 40    Uniquely identifies the mother&amp;apos;s medical record within the institution&amp;apos;s set of records.  Note that this is modeled as a string, as this is all that is called for by the form, but it might be more properly modeled as an Id.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>mothersPrePregnancyWeight</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../PhysicalQuantity.dita">Physical Quantity</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 32    Indicates the weight, in pounds, that the infant&amp;apos;s mother normally weighed before this pregnancy.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains zero or more [0..*] <tt><b>mothersRaceCategory</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Code.dita">Code</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 22    Indicates the race(s) that the infant&amp;apos;s mother considers herself to be.  Possible values include: White; Black, or African American; American Indian or Alaska Native**; Asian Indian; Chinese; Filipino; Japanese; Korean; Vietnamese; Other Asian**; Native Hawaiian; Guamanian or Chamorro; Samoan; Other Pacific Islander**; Other**.  **If Alaska Native is chosen, the mothersRaceOther free text field is used to specify the name of her enrolled or principal tribe; if Other Asian, Other Pacific Islander, or Other is chosen, the mothersRaceOther free text field is used to provide further specificity.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>mothersRaceOther</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../String.dita">String</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 22    Provides further specificity for the infant&amp;apos;s mother&amp;apos;s race.  Used only if mothersRaceCategory is Alaska Native, Other Asian, Other Pacific Islander, or Other.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>mothersResidenceAddress</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Address.dita">Address</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 09a-f    The address of the mother&amp;apos;s residence at the time of the infant&amp;apos;s birth.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>mothersSsn</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../String.dita">String</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 18    The Social Security Number of the infant&amp;apos;s mother.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>mothersWeightAtDelivery</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../PhysicalQuantity.dita">Physical Quantity</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 33    Indicates the weight, in pounds, that the infant&amp;apos;s mother weighed just before delivery.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>motherTransferedFromFacility</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../String.dita">String</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 28    If the mother was transferred from another facility for maternal medical or fetal indications for delivery (i.e., wasMotherTransferred = true), this property is used to identify the transferring facility.  Not used when wasMotherTransferred = false.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains zero or one [0..1] <tt><b>multipleBirthOrder</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Integer.dita">Integer</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 53.  Note that this property can probably be derived, as it is stored as part of the infant&amp;apos;s Person record.    &amp;quot;When a patient was part of a multiple birth, a value (number) indicating the patient&amp;apos;s birth order is entered in this field.&amp;quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, PID-25    If the biological entity was born along with other siblings, this property indicates the order the entity was born.  For example, for a set of twins, this property indicates which twin was born first, and which was born second.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>newbornsMedicalRecordId</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../String.dita">String</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 48    Uniquely identifies the newborn&amp;apos;s medical record within the institution&amp;apos;s set of records.  Note that this is modeled as a string, as this is all that is called for by the form, but it might be more properly modeled as an Id.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains zero or one [0..1] <tt><b>numberOfChildrenNowDead</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Integer.dita">Integer</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 35b    Indicates the number, of the children born alive to this infant&amp;apos;s mother before this infant was born, that have since died.  Note that Box 35b has a checkbox titled &amp;quot;None&amp;quot;, which is not modeled - it is assumed that this checkbox can be calculated based on whether or not numberOfPreviousLiveBirths = 0).</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains zero or one [0..1] <tt><b>numberOfChildrenNowLiving</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Integer.dita">Integer</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 35a    Indicates the number, of the children born alive to this infant&amp;apos;s mother before this infant was born, that are still alive.  Note that Box 35a has a checkbox titled &amp;quot;None&amp;quot;, which is not modeled - it is assumed that this checkbox can be calculated based on whether or not numberOfPreviousLiveBirths = 0).</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains zero or one [0..1] <tt><b>numberOfOtherPregnanceOutcomes</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Integer.dita">Integer</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 36a    Indicates the number of &amp;quot;other pregnancy outcomes (spontaneous or induced losses or ectopic pregnancies)&amp;quot;  Note that Box 36a has a checkbox titled &amp;quot;None&amp;quot;, which is not modeled - it is assumed that this checkbox can be calculated based on whether or this property is equal to 0.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>numberOfPrenatalVisits</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Integer.dita">Integer</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 30    Provides the number of pre-natal care visits for the pregnancy resulting in this birth.  Note that Box 29a also has a &amp;quot;No Prenatal care&amp;quot; checkbox, which is not modeled; it is assumed that this box can be calculated based on whether or not numberOfPrenatalVisits = 0.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>numberOfPreviousLiveBirths</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Integer.dita">Integer</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 35    Indicates the number of children born alive (e.g., not stillborn) to this infant&amp;apos;s mother before this infant was born (i.e., not including this child).</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>obstetricEstimateOfGestation</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../TimeQuantity.dita">Time Quantity</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 50    Contains an estimate of gestational age of the infant, in weeks.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>plurality</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Integer.dita">Integer</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 53    The number of fetuses delivered live or dead at any time in the pregnancy regardless of gestational age or if the fetuses were delivered at different dates in the pregnancy.  ( Reabsorbed  fetuses, those which are not  delivered   (expulsed or extracted from the mother) should not be counted.)</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>principalPaymentSourceCategory</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Code.dita">Code</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 38    Identifies the principal source of payment for this delivery.  Possible values include: Private Insurance; Medicaid; Self-pay; or Other.  If Other is chosen, the principalPaymentSourceOther property provides a free text in which the payment source could be specified.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>principalPaymentSourceOther</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../String.dita">String</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 38    If the principalPaymentSourceCategory property contains &amp;quot;Other&amp;quot;, this property provides a free text in which the payment source could be specified.  Not used if the principalPaymentSourceCategory property is anything other than &amp;quot;Other&amp;quot;.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>wasHomeDeliveryPlanned</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Boolean.dita">Boolean</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 26    If the birth took place at home (i.e., birthPlaceCategory=&amp;quot;Home Birth&amp;quot;), this property indicates whether such a home delivery was planned.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>wasInfantTransferred</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Boolean.dita">Boolean</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 56    Indicates whether the infant was transferred to another facility within 24 hours of delivery.  If the answer is yes, the infantTransferredToFacility property is used to identify the receiving facility.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>wasMotherTransferred</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Boolean.dita">Boolean</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 28    Indicates whether the mother was transferred from another facility for maternal medical or fetal indications for delivery.  If the answer is yes, the motherTransferedFromFacility property is used to identify the transferring facility.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains zero or one [0..1] <tt><b>wasMultipleBirth</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Boolean.dita">Boolean</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 52.  Note that this property can probably be derived, as it is stored as part of the infant&amp;apos;s Person record.    &amp;quot;This field indicates whether the patient was part of a multiple birth.&amp;quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, PID-24    If the biological entity was born along with other siblings, this property indicates the order the entity was born.  For example, for a set of twins, this property indicates which twin was born first, and which was born second.  An indication as to whether the person was born along with other siblings as part of a single pregnancy.  This property is primarily used to distinguish records for newborn infants who have not yet have been given names.  This property may also be used in research situations to distinguish individuals who were part of a multi-child pregnancy.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>wasSsnRequested</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Boolean.dita">Boolean</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 16    Indicates whether a Social Security Number has been requested for the child.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains  [0..4] <tt><b>cigaretteSmoking</b></tt>, where its type is <xref href="../CigaretteSmoking.dita">Cigarette Smoking</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 37    Describes whether and how much the infant&amp;apos;s mother smoked before and/or during pregnancy.  The US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 37 lists four time periods: Three months before pregnancy; first three months of pregnancy; second three months of pregnancy; and third trimester of pregnancy.  It then asks for the average number of cigarettes OR packs of cigarettes smoked per day for each of these time periods.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains zero or more [0..*] <tt><b>infection</b></tt>, where its type is <xref href="../Infection.dita">Infection</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 42    Contains a list of infections present and/or treated during this pregnancy.  On the form, this is a multiple-choice question (i.e., &amp;quot;check all that apply&amp;quot;), although one of the choices is &amp;quot;None of the above&amp;quot;, so if that one is chosen, there should not be any others chosen.  Possible values include: Gonorrhea; Syphilis; Chlamydia; Hepatitis B; Hepatitis C; None of the above.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains zero or more [0..*] <tt><b>laborAndDeliveryCharacteristic</b></tt>, where its type is <xref href="../LaborAndDeliveryCharacteristic.dita">Labor And Delivery Characteristic</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 45    Contains a list of observations regarding the labor and delivery of the infant.  On the form, this is a multiple-choice question (i.e., &amp;quot;check all that apply&amp;quot;), although one of the choices is &amp;quot;None of the above&amp;quot;, so if that one is chosen, there should not be any others chosen.  Possible values include: Induction of labor; Augmentation of labor; Non-vertex presentation; Steroids (glucocorticoids) for fetal long maturation received by the mother prior to delivery; Antibiotics received by the mother during labor; Clinical chorioamnionitis diagnosed during labor or maternal temperature &amp;gt;= 38C (100.4F); Moderate/heavy meconium staining of the amniotic fluid; Fetal intolerance of labor such that one or more of the following actions were taken: in-utero resuscitative measures, further fetal assessment, or operative delivery; Epidural or spinal anesthesia during labor; None of the above.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains zero or more [0..*] <tt><b>maternalMorbidity</b></tt>, where its type is <xref href="../MaternalMorbidity.dita">Maternal Morbidity</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 47    Contains a list of complications associated with labor and delivery.  On the form, this is a multiple-choice question (i.e., &amp;quot;check all that apply&amp;quot;), although one of the choices is &amp;quot;None of the above&amp;quot;, so if that one is chosen, there should not be any others chosen.  Possible values include: Maternal transfusion; Third or fourth degree perineal laceration; ruptured uterus; Unplanned hysterectomy; Admission to intensive care unit; Unplanned operating room procedure following delivery; None of the above.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains zero or more [0..*] <tt><b>newbornAbnormalCondition</b></tt>, where its type is <xref href="../NewbornAbnormalCondition.dita">Newborn Abnormal Condition</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 54    Contains a list of abnormal conditions of the newborn.  On the form, this is a multiple-choice question (i.e., &amp;quot;check all that apply&amp;quot;), although one of the choices is &amp;quot;None of the above&amp;quot;, so if that one is chosen, there should not be any others chosen.  Possible values include: Assisted ventilation required immediately following delivery; Assisted ventilation required for more than six hours; NICU admission; Newborn given surfactant replacement therapy; Antibiotics received by the newborn for suspected neonatal sepsis; Seizure or serious neurologic dysfunction; Significant birth injury (skeletal fractures(s), peripheral nerve injury, and/or soft tissue/solid organ hemorrhage which require intervention); None of the above.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains zero or more [0..*] <tt><b>newbornCongenitalAnomaly</b></tt>, where its type is <xref href="../NewbornCongenitalAnomaly.dita">Newborn Congenital Anomaly</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 55    Contains a list of congenital anomalies of the newborn.  On the form, this is a multiple-choice question (i.e., &amp;quot;check all that apply&amp;quot;), although one of the choices is &amp;quot;None of anomalies listed above&amp;quot;, so if that one is chosen, there should not be any others chosen.  Possible values include: Anencephaly; Meningomyelocele/Spinal bifida; Cyanotic congenital heart disease; Congenital diaphramic hernia; Omphalocele; Gastroschisis; Limb reduction defect (excluding congenital amputation and dwarfing syndromes); Cleft lip with or without cleft palate; Cleft palate alone; Down Syndrome, Karyotype confirmed; Down Syndrome, Karyotype pending; Suspected chromosomal disorder, Karyotype confirmed; Suspected chromosomal disorder, Karyotype pending; Hypospadias; None of anomalies listed above.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains zero or more [0..*] <tt><b>obstetricProcedure</b></tt>, where its type is <xref href="../ObstetricProcedure.dita">Obstetric Procedure</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 43    Contains a list of obstetric procedures performed during this pregnancy.  On the form, this is a multiple-choice question (i.e., &amp;quot;check all that apply&amp;quot;), although one of the choices is &amp;quot;None of the above&amp;quot;, so if that one is chosen, there should not be any others chosen.  Possible values include: Cervical cerclage; Tocolysis; External cephalic version, Successful; External cephalic version, Failed; None of the above.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains zero or more [0..*] <tt><b>onsetOfLabor</b></tt>, where its type is <xref href="../OnsetOfLabor.dita">Onset Of Labor</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 44    Contains a list of adverse events associated with the onset of labor.  On the form, this is a multiple-choice question (i.e., &amp;quot;check all that apply&amp;quot;), although one of the choices is &amp;quot;None of the above&amp;quot;, so if that one is chosen, there should not be any others chosen.  Possible values include: Premature rupture of the membranes (prolonged, &amp;gt; 12 hours); Precipitous labor; Prolonged labor; None of the above.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains zero or more [0..*] <tt><b>riskFactor</b></tt>, where its type is <xref href="../RiskFactor.dita">Risk Factor</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 41    Contains a list of risk factors that were encountered during this pregnancy.  On the form, this is a multiple-choice question (i.e., &amp;quot;check all that apply&amp;quot;), although one of the choices is &amp;quot;None of the above&amp;quot;, so if that one is chosen, there should not be any others chosen.  Possible values include: Diabetes, Pre-pregnancy (diagnosis prior to this pregnancy); Diabetes, Gestational (diagnosis in this pregnancy); Hypertension, Prepregnancy (chronic); Hypertension, Gestational (PIH, preclampsia); Hypertension, Eclampsia; Previous preterm birth; Other previous poor pregnancy outcome (includes perinatal death, small-for-gestational age / intrauterine growth restricted birth); Pregnancy resulted from infertility treatment, Fertility-enhancing drugs, Artificial insemination or intrauterine insemination; Pregnancy resulted from infertility treatment, Assisted reproductive technology (e.g., in vitro fertilization (IVF) gamete intrafallopian transfer (GIFT)); Mother had a previous cesarean delivery - if yes, how many**; None of the above.  **=if &amp;quot;Mother had a previous cesarean delivery&amp;quot; is chosen, a subclass of RiskFactor is used to contain the number of previous cesarean deliveries.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains zero or more [0..*] <tt><b>methodOfDelivery</b></tt>, where its type is <xref href="../MethodOfDelivery.dita">Method Of Delivery</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 46    Contains a list of observations regarding the delivery of the infant.  Possible values include: Was delivery with forceps attempted by unsuccessful? - Yes; Was delivery with forceps attempted by unsuccessful? - No; Was delivery with vacuum extraction attempted by unsuccessful? - Yes; Was delivery with vacuum extraction attempted by unsuccessful? - No; Fetal presentation at birth, Cephalic; Fetal presentation at birth, Breech; Fetal presentation at birth, Other; Final route and method of delivery, Vaginal/Spontaneous; Final route and method of delivery, Vaginal/Forceps; Final route and method of delivery, Vaginal/Vacuum; Final route and method of delivery, Cesarean, trial of labor attempted; Cesarean, trial of labor not attempted.</li></ul></li>
</ol>
<ol id="aggregate">
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>apgarScore5Minutes</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../CodedOrdinal.dita">Coded Ordinal</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 51    Contains the Apgar score (which is a simple and repeatable method to quickly and summarily assess the health of newborn children immediately after birth) 5 minutes after the birth of the infant.    &amp;quot;The test is generally done at one and five minutes after birth, and may be repeated later if the score is and remains low. Scores 3 and below are generally regarded as critically low, 4 to 6 fairly low, and 7 to 10 generally normal.&amp;quot; - Wikipedia.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains zero or one [0..1] <tt><b>apgarScore10Minutes</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../CodedOrdinal.dita">Coded Ordinal</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 51    Contains the Apgar score (which is a simple and repeatable method to quickly and summarily assess the health of newborn children immediately after birth) 10 minutes after the birth of the infant.  This property is required if the 5 minute Apgar score is less than 6.    &amp;quot;The test is generally done at one and five minutes after birth, and may be repeated later if the score is and remains low. Scores 3 and below are generally regarded as critically low, 4 to 6 fairly low, and 7 to 10 generally normal.&amp;quot; - Wikipedia.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>attendantId</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Id.dita">Id</xref>
</li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>attendantName</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../PersonName.dita">Person Name</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 27    Indicates the name of the attending clinician.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>attendantTitleCategory</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Code.dita">Code</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 27    Indicates the title of the attending clinician.  Choices include: MD, DO, CNM/CM, Other Midwife, or Other (if Other is chosen, attendantTitleOther is used to specify.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>attendantTitleOther</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../String.dita">String</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 27    Indicates the title of the attending clinician.  If attendantTitleCategory is &amp;quot;Other&amp;quot;, then this property is used to specify.  Otherwise this property is not used.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>birthPlaceAddress</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Address.dita">Address</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 06 and 07    The address of the location (i.e., institution, home, in the car on the way to the hospital) at which the infant was born.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>birthPlaceCategory</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Code.dita">Code</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 26    Categorizes the place at which the birth occured.  Possible values include: Hospital; Freestanding birthing center; Home birth*; Clinic/Doctor&amp;apos;s office; or Other**.  * = if Home birth is chosen, wasHomeDeliveryPlanned is used to indicate whether a home delivery was planned.  ** = if other is chosen, birthPlaceOther provides a free text in which to describe the location.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>birthPlaceFacility</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../String.dita">String</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 05    The name of the facility at which the infant was born.  If not a facility (e.g., at home), the street address goes in field 5 on the report, but would be retreived from the BirthPlaceAddress property; this property would be unused.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>birthPlaceFacilityId</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Id.dita">Id</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 17    Identifies the faclity at which the child was born.  Should be the National Provider Identifier for the facility.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>birthPlaceOther</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../String.dita">String</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 26    Provides further details in free text regarding the place at which the birth occured.  Used only when birthPlaceCategory is &amp;quot;Other&amp;quot;.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>birthWeight</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../PhysicalQuantity.dita">Physical Quantity</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 49    The weight of the infant at birth.  Can be expressed in either pounds/ounces or grams.  The use of grams is preferred.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>certifierName</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../PersonName.dita">Person Name</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 11    Indicates the name of the person who certified the birth of the infant.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>certifierTitleCategory</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Code.dita">Code</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 11    Indicates the title of the person who certified the birth of the infant.  Choices include: MD, DO, Hospital Administrator, CNM/CM, Other Midwife, or Other (if Other is chosen, certifierTitleOther is used to specify.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>certifierTitleOther</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../String.dita">String</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 11    Indicates the title of the person who certified the birth of the infant.  If certifierTitleCategory is &amp;quot;Other&amp;quot;, then this property is used to specify.  Otherwise this property is not used.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>dateCertified</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../PointInTime.dita">Point In Time</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 12    Indicates the date that the infant&amp;apos;s birth was certified.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>dateFiledByRegistrar</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../PointInTime.dita">Point In Time</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 13    Indicates the date that the birth certificate was filed by the registrar.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>dateLastNormalMensesBegan</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../PointInTime.dita">Point In Time</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 39    Indicates the date on which the infant&amp;apos;s mother last experienced the beginning of a normal menstrual cycle.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>dateOfFirstPrenatalVisit</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../PointInTime.dita">Point In Time</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 29a    Provides the date of the first pre-natal care visit for the pregnancy resulting in this birth.  Note that Box 29a also has a &amp;quot;No Prenatal care&amp;quot; checkbox, which is not modeled; it is assumed that this box can be calculated based on whether or not numberOfPrenatalVisits = 0.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains zero or one [0..1] <tt><b>dateOfLastLiveBirth</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../PointInTime.dita">Point In Time</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 35c    Indicates the date on which the last child was born alive (e.g., not stillborn) to this infant&amp;apos;s mother before this infant was born (i.e., not including this child).</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>dateOfLastOtherPregnancyOutcome</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../PointInTime.dita">Point In Time</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 36b    Indicates the date on which the last &amp;quot;other pregnancy outcome (spontaneous or induced losses or ectopic pregnancies)&amp;quot; occurred.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>dateOfLastPrenatalVisit</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../PointInTime.dita">Point In Time</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 29b    Provides the date of the last pre-natal care visit for the pregnancy resulting in this birth.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>didMotherReceiveWicFood</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Boolean.dita">Boolean</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 34    Indicates whether the mother received Women and Infant Children (WIC) food assistance for herself during this pregnancy.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>fatherHispanicOriginCategory</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Code.dita">Code</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 24    Indicates whether the infant&amp;apos;s father is of Hispanic origin, and if so, further categorizes her ethnicity.  Possible values include: No, not Spanish/Hispanic/Latino; Yes, Mexican, Mexican American, Chicano; Yes, Puerto Rican; Yes, Cuban; and Yes, other Spanish/Hispanic/Latino.  If &amp;quot;Yes, other Spanish/Hispanic/Latino&amp;quot; is chosen, then the fatherHispanicOriginOther is used to further specify.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>fatherHispanicOriginOther</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../String.dita">String</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 24    If fatherHispanicOriginCategory is &amp;quot;Yes, other Spanish/Hispanic/Latino&amp;quot;, then this free text property is used to further specify the infant&amp;apos;s father&amp;apos;s ethnicity.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>fathersBirthAddress</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../BirthAddress.dita">Birth Address</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 10c    The birthplace (limited to State, Territory, or Foreign Country) of the infant&amp;apos;s mother.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>fathersCurrentLegalName</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../PersonName.dita">Person Name</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 10a    The legal name of the infant&amp;apos;s father at the time of the infant&amp;apos;s birth.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>fathersDateOfBirth</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../PointInTime.dita">Point In Time</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 10b    The infant&amp;apos;s father&amp;apos;s date of birth.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>fathersEducationLevel</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Code.dita">Code</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 23    Categorizes the degree or level of school completed by the infant&amp;apos;s father at the time of delivery.  Possible values include: 8th grade or less; 9th-12th grade, no diploma; High school graduate or GED completed; Some college credit, but no degree; Associate degree (e.g., AA, AS); Bachelor&amp;apos;s degree (e.g., BA, AB, BS); Master&amp;apos;s degree (e.g., MA, MS, MEng, MSW, MBA); Doctorate (e.g., PhD, EdD), or Professional degree (e.g., MD, DDS, DVM, LLB, JD).</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>fathersRaceCategory</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Code.dita">Code</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 25    Indicates the race(s) that the infant&amp;apos;s father considers himself to be.  Possible values include: White; Black, or African American; American Indian or Alaska Native**; Asian Indian; Chinese; Filipino; Japanese; Korean; Vietnamese; Other Asian**; Native Hawaiian; Guamanian or Chamorro; Samoan; Other Pacific Islander**; Other**.  **If Alaska Native is chosen, the fathersRaceOther free text field is used to specify the name of his enrolled or principal tribe; if Other Asian, Other Pacific Islander, or Other is chosen, the fathersRaceOther free text field is used to provide further specificity.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>fathersRaceOther</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../String.dita">String</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 25    Provides further specificity for the infant&amp;apos;s father&amp;apos;s race.  Used only if fathersRaceCategory is Alaska Native, Other Asian, Other Pacific Islander, or Other.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>fathersSsn</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../String.dita">String</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 19    The Social Security Number of the infant&amp;apos;s father.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>hasPaternityAcknowledgementBeenSigned</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Boolean.dita">Boolean</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 15    If the isMotherMarried property is false, i.e., the infant&amp;apos;s mother was not married at birth, conception, or any time in between, this property indicates whether the father has signed a paternity acknowlegement.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>infantTransferredToFacility</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../String.dita">String</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 56    If the infant was transferred to another facility within 24 hours of delivery (i.e., wasInfantTransferred = true), this property is used to identify the receiving facility.  Not used when wasInfantTransferred = false.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>isInfantBreastFed</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Boolean.dita">Boolean</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 58    Indicates whether the infant was being breastfed at the time of discharge.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>isInfantLiving</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Code.dita">Code</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 57    Indicates whether the infant is living at the time the report (i.e., the US Standard Certificate Of Birth) was completed.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>isMotherMarried</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Boolean.dita">Boolean</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 15    Indicates whether the infant&amp;apos;s mother was married at birth, conception, or any time in between.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>isMothersMailingAddressSameAsResidence</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Boolean.dita">Boolean</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 14    Indicates whether the mother&amp;apos;s mailing address and the mother&amp;apos;s residence address at the time of the infant&amp;apos;s birth are the same or different.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>isMothersResidenceInsideCityLimits</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Boolean.dita">Boolean</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 09g    Indicates whether the mother&amp;apos;s residence at the time of the infant&amp;apos;s birth is within city limits.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>motherHispanicOriginCategory</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Code.dita">Code</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 21    Indicates whether the infant&amp;apos;s mother is of Hispanic origin, and if so, further categorizes her ethnicity.  Possible values include: No, not Spanish/Hispanic/Latina; Yes, Mexican, Mexican American, Chicana; Yes, Puerto Rican; Yes, Cuban; and Yes, other Spanish/Hispanic/Latina.  If &amp;quot;Yes, other Spanish/Hispanic/Latina&amp;quot; is chosen, then the motherHispanicOriginOther is used to further specify.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>motherHispanicOriginOther</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../String.dita">String</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 21    If motherHispanicOriginCategory is &amp;quot;Yes, other Spanish/Hispanic/Latina&amp;quot;, then this free text property is used to further specify the infant&amp;apos;s mother&amp;apos;s ethnicity.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>mothersBirthAddress</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../BirthAddress.dita">Birth Address</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 08d    The birthplace (limited to State, Territory, or Foreign Country) of the infant&amp;apos;s mother.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>mothersCurrentLegalName</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../PersonName.dita">Person Name</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 08a    The legal name of the infant&amp;apos;s mother at the time of the infant&amp;apos;s birth.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>mothersDateOfBirth</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../PointInTime.dita">Point In Time</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 08b    The infant&amp;apos;s mother&amp;apos;s date of birth.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>mothersEducationLevel</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Code.dita">Code</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 20    Categorizes the degree or level of school completed by the infant&amp;apos;s mother at the time of delivery.  Possible values include: 8th grade or less; 9th-12th grade, no diploma; High school graduate or GED completed; Some college credit, but no degree; Associate degree (e.g., AA, AS); Bachelor&amp;apos;s degree (e.g., BA, AB, BS); Master&amp;apos;s degree (e.g., MA, MS, MEng, MSW, MBA); Doctorate (e.g., PhD, EdD), or Professional degree (e.g., MD, DDS, DVM, LLB, JD).</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>mothersHeight</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../PhysicalQuantity.dita">Physical Quantity</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 31    Indicates the infant&amp;apos;s mother height (displayed in feet/inches).</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>mothersMaidenName</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../PersonName.dita">Person Name</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 08c    The legal name of the infant&amp;apos;s mother at the time of her birth.  Note that this might be derived from the infant&amp;apos;s Person record, as this is used as a Person Demographic property for purposes of Identity Management.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>mothersMailingAddress</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Address.dita">Address</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 14    The mailing address of the mother at the time of the infant&amp;apos;s birth.  Used if different than the mothersResidenceAddress</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>mothersMedicalRecordId</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../String.dita">String</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 40    Uniquely identifies the mother&amp;apos;s medical record within the institution&amp;apos;s set of records.  Note that this is modeled as a string, as this is all that is called for by the form, but it might be more properly modeled as an Id.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>mothersPrePregnancyWeight</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../PhysicalQuantity.dita">Physical Quantity</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 32    Indicates the weight, in pounds, that the infant&amp;apos;s mother normally weighed before this pregnancy.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains zero or more [0..*] <tt><b>mothersRaceCategory</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Code.dita">Code</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 22    Indicates the race(s) that the infant&amp;apos;s mother considers herself to be.  Possible values include: White; Black, or African American; American Indian or Alaska Native**; Asian Indian; Chinese; Filipino; Japanese; Korean; Vietnamese; Other Asian**; Native Hawaiian; Guamanian or Chamorro; Samoan; Other Pacific Islander**; Other**.  **If Alaska Native is chosen, the mothersRaceOther free text field is used to specify the name of her enrolled or principal tribe; if Other Asian, Other Pacific Islander, or Other is chosen, the mothersRaceOther free text field is used to provide further specificity.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>mothersRaceOther</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../String.dita">String</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 22    Provides further specificity for the infant&amp;apos;s mother&amp;apos;s race.  Used only if mothersRaceCategory is Alaska Native, Other Asian, Other Pacific Islander, or Other.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>mothersResidenceAddress</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Address.dita">Address</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 09a-f    The address of the mother&amp;apos;s residence at the time of the infant&amp;apos;s birth.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>mothersSsn</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../String.dita">String</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 18    The Social Security Number of the infant&amp;apos;s mother.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>mothersWeightAtDelivery</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../PhysicalQuantity.dita">Physical Quantity</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 33    Indicates the weight, in pounds, that the infant&amp;apos;s mother weighed just before delivery.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>motherTransferedFromFacility</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../String.dita">String</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 28    If the mother was transferred from another facility for maternal medical or fetal indications for delivery (i.e., wasMotherTransferred = true), this property is used to identify the transferring facility.  Not used when wasMotherTransferred = false.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains zero or one [0..1] <tt><b>multipleBirthOrder</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Integer.dita">Integer</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 53.  Note that this property can probably be derived, as it is stored as part of the infant&amp;apos;s Person record.    &amp;quot;When a patient was part of a multiple birth, a value (number) indicating the patient&amp;apos;s birth order is entered in this field.&amp;quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, PID-25    If the biological entity was born along with other siblings, this property indicates the order the entity was born.  For example, for a set of twins, this property indicates which twin was born first, and which was born second.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>newbornsMedicalRecordId</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../String.dita">String</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 48    Uniquely identifies the newborn&amp;apos;s medical record within the institution&amp;apos;s set of records.  Note that this is modeled as a string, as this is all that is called for by the form, but it might be more properly modeled as an Id.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains zero or one [0..1] <tt><b>numberOfChildrenNowDead</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Integer.dita">Integer</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 35b    Indicates the number, of the children born alive to this infant&amp;apos;s mother before this infant was born, that have since died.  Note that Box 35b has a checkbox titled &amp;quot;None&amp;quot;, which is not modeled - it is assumed that this checkbox can be calculated based on whether or not numberOfPreviousLiveBirths = 0).</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains zero or one [0..1] <tt><b>numberOfChildrenNowLiving</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Integer.dita">Integer</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 35a    Indicates the number, of the children born alive to this infant&amp;apos;s mother before this infant was born, that are still alive.  Note that Box 35a has a checkbox titled &amp;quot;None&amp;quot;, which is not modeled - it is assumed that this checkbox can be calculated based on whether or not numberOfPreviousLiveBirths = 0).</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains zero or one [0..1] <tt><b>numberOfOtherPregnanceOutcomes</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Integer.dita">Integer</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 36a    Indicates the number of &amp;quot;other pregnancy outcomes (spontaneous or induced losses or ectopic pregnancies)&amp;quot;  Note that Box 36a has a checkbox titled &amp;quot;None&amp;quot;, which is not modeled - it is assumed that this checkbox can be calculated based on whether or this property is equal to 0.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>numberOfPrenatalVisits</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Integer.dita">Integer</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 30    Provides the number of pre-natal care visits for the pregnancy resulting in this birth.  Note that Box 29a also has a &amp;quot;No Prenatal care&amp;quot; checkbox, which is not modeled; it is assumed that this box can be calculated based on whether or not numberOfPrenatalVisits = 0.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>numberOfPreviousLiveBirths</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Integer.dita">Integer</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 35    Indicates the number of children born alive (e.g., not stillborn) to this infant&amp;apos;s mother before this infant was born (i.e., not including this child).</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>obstetricEstimateOfGestation</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../TimeQuantity.dita">Time Quantity</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 50    Contains an estimate of gestational age of the infant, in weeks.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>plurality</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Integer.dita">Integer</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 53    The number of fetuses delivered live or dead at any time in the pregnancy regardless of gestational age or if the fetuses were delivered at different dates in the pregnancy.  ( Reabsorbed  fetuses, those which are not  delivered   (expulsed or extracted from the mother) should not be counted.)</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>principalPaymentSourceCategory</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Code.dita">Code</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 38    Identifies the principal source of payment for this delivery.  Possible values include: Private Insurance; Medicaid; Self-pay; or Other.  If Other is chosen, the principalPaymentSourceOther property provides a free text in which the payment source could be specified.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>principalPaymentSourceOther</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../String.dita">String</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 38    If the principalPaymentSourceCategory property contains &amp;quot;Other&amp;quot;, this property provides a free text in which the payment source could be specified.  Not used if the principalPaymentSourceCategory property is anything other than &amp;quot;Other&amp;quot;.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>wasHomeDeliveryPlanned</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Boolean.dita">Boolean</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 26    If the birth took place at home (i.e., birthPlaceCategory=&amp;quot;Home Birth&amp;quot;), this property indicates whether such a home delivery was planned.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>wasInfantTransferred</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Boolean.dita">Boolean</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 56    Indicates whether the infant was transferred to another facility within 24 hours of delivery.  If the answer is yes, the infantTransferredToFacility property is used to identify the receiving facility.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>wasMotherTransferred</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Boolean.dita">Boolean</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 28    Indicates whether the mother was transferred from another facility for maternal medical or fetal indications for delivery.  If the answer is yes, the motherTransferedFromFacility property is used to identify the transferring facility.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains zero or one [0..1] <tt><b>wasMultipleBirth</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Boolean.dita">Boolean</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 52.  Note that this property can probably be derived, as it is stored as part of the infant&amp;apos;s Person record.    &amp;quot;This field indicates whether the patient was part of a multiple birth.&amp;quot; - HL7 Version 2.8, PID-24    If the biological entity was born along with other siblings, this property indicates the order the entity was born.  For example, for a set of twins, this property indicates which twin was born first, and which was born second.  An indication as to whether the person was born along with other siblings as part of a single pregnancy.  This property is primarily used to distinguish records for newborn infants who have not yet have been given names.  This property may also be used in research situations to distinguish individuals who were part of a multi-child pregnancy.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>wasSsnRequested</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Boolean.dita">Boolean</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 16    Indicates whether a Social Security Number has been requested for the child.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains  [0..4] <tt><b>cigaretteSmoking</b></tt>, where its type is <xref href="../CigaretteSmoking.dita">Cigarette Smoking</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 37    Describes whether and how much the infant&amp;apos;s mother smoked before and/or during pregnancy.  The US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 37 lists four time periods: Three months before pregnancy; first three months of pregnancy; second three months of pregnancy; and third trimester of pregnancy.  It then asks for the average number of cigarettes OR packs of cigarettes smoked per day for each of these time periods.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains zero or more [0..*] <tt><b>infection</b></tt>, where its type is <xref href="../Infection.dita">Infection</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 42    Contains a list of infections present and/or treated during this pregnancy.  On the form, this is a multiple-choice question (i.e., &amp;quot;check all that apply&amp;quot;), although one of the choices is &amp;quot;None of the above&amp;quot;, so if that one is chosen, there should not be any others chosen.  Possible values include: Gonorrhea; Syphilis; Chlamydia; Hepatitis B; Hepatitis C; None of the above.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains zero or more [0..*] <tt><b>laborAndDeliveryCharacteristic</b></tt>, where its type is <xref href="../LaborAndDeliveryCharacteristic.dita">Labor And Delivery Characteristic</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 45    Contains a list of observations regarding the labor and delivery of the infant.  On the form, this is a multiple-choice question (i.e., &amp;quot;check all that apply&amp;quot;), although one of the choices is &amp;quot;None of the above&amp;quot;, so if that one is chosen, there should not be any others chosen.  Possible values include: Induction of labor; Augmentation of labor; Non-vertex presentation; Steroids (glucocorticoids) for fetal long maturation received by the mother prior to delivery; Antibiotics received by the mother during labor; Clinical chorioamnionitis diagnosed during labor or maternal temperature &amp;gt;= 38C (100.4F); Moderate/heavy meconium staining of the amniotic fluid; Fetal intolerance of labor such that one or more of the following actions were taken: in-utero resuscitative measures, further fetal assessment, or operative delivery; Epidural or spinal anesthesia during labor; None of the above.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains zero or more [0..*] <tt><b>maternalMorbidity</b></tt>, where its type is <xref href="../MaternalMorbidity.dita">Maternal Morbidity</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 47    Contains a list of complications associated with labor and delivery.  On the form, this is a multiple-choice question (i.e., &amp;quot;check all that apply&amp;quot;), although one of the choices is &amp;quot;None of the above&amp;quot;, so if that one is chosen, there should not be any others chosen.  Possible values include: Maternal transfusion; Third or fourth degree perineal laceration; ruptured uterus; Unplanned hysterectomy; Admission to intensive care unit; Unplanned operating room procedure following delivery; None of the above.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains zero or more [0..*] <tt><b>newbornAbnormalCondition</b></tt>, where its type is <xref href="../NewbornAbnormalCondition.dita">Newborn Abnormal Condition</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 54    Contains a list of abnormal conditions of the newborn.  On the form, this is a multiple-choice question (i.e., &amp;quot;check all that apply&amp;quot;), although one of the choices is &amp;quot;None of the above&amp;quot;, so if that one is chosen, there should not be any others chosen.  Possible values include: Assisted ventilation required immediately following delivery; Assisted ventilation required for more than six hours; NICU admission; Newborn given surfactant replacement therapy; Antibiotics received by the newborn for suspected neonatal sepsis; Seizure or serious neurologic dysfunction; Significant birth injury (skeletal fractures(s), peripheral nerve injury, and/or soft tissue/solid organ hemorrhage which require intervention); None of the above.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains zero or more [0..*] <tt><b>newbornCongenitalAnomaly</b></tt>, where its type is <xref href="../NewbornCongenitalAnomaly.dita">Newborn Congenital Anomaly</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 55    Contains a list of congenital anomalies of the newborn.  On the form, this is a multiple-choice question (i.e., &amp;quot;check all that apply&amp;quot;), although one of the choices is &amp;quot;None of anomalies listed above&amp;quot;, so if that one is chosen, there should not be any others chosen.  Possible values include: Anencephaly; Meningomyelocele/Spinal bifida; Cyanotic congenital heart disease; Congenital diaphramic hernia; Omphalocele; Gastroschisis; Limb reduction defect (excluding congenital amputation and dwarfing syndromes); Cleft lip with or without cleft palate; Cleft palate alone; Down Syndrome, Karyotype confirmed; Down Syndrome, Karyotype pending; Suspected chromosomal disorder, Karyotype confirmed; Suspected chromosomal disorder, Karyotype pending; Hypospadias; None of anomalies listed above.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains zero or more [0..*] <tt><b>obstetricProcedure</b></tt>, where its type is <xref href="../ObstetricProcedure.dita">Obstetric Procedure</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 43    Contains a list of obstetric procedures performed during this pregnancy.  On the form, this is a multiple-choice question (i.e., &amp;quot;check all that apply&amp;quot;), although one of the choices is &amp;quot;None of the above&amp;quot;, so if that one is chosen, there should not be any others chosen.  Possible values include: Cervical cerclage; Tocolysis; External cephalic version, Successful; External cephalic version, Failed; None of the above.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains zero or more [0..*] <tt><b>onsetOfLabor</b></tt>, where its type is <xref href="../OnsetOfLabor.dita">Onset Of Labor</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 44    Contains a list of adverse events associated with the onset of labor.  On the form, this is a multiple-choice question (i.e., &amp;quot;check all that apply&amp;quot;), although one of the choices is &amp;quot;None of the above&amp;quot;, so if that one is chosen, there should not be any others chosen.  Possible values include: Premature rupture of the membranes (prolonged, &amp;gt; 12 hours); Precipitous labor; Prolonged labor; None of the above.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains zero or more [0..*] <tt><b>riskFactor</b></tt>, where its type is <xref href="../RiskFactor.dita">Risk Factor</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 41    Contains a list of risk factors that were encountered during this pregnancy.  On the form, this is a multiple-choice question (i.e., &amp;quot;check all that apply&amp;quot;), although one of the choices is &amp;quot;None of the above&amp;quot;, so if that one is chosen, there should not be any others chosen.  Possible values include: Diabetes, Pre-pregnancy (diagnosis prior to this pregnancy); Diabetes, Gestational (diagnosis in this pregnancy); Hypertension, Prepregnancy (chronic); Hypertension, Gestational (PIH, preclampsia); Hypertension, Eclampsia; Previous preterm birth; Other previous poor pregnancy outcome (includes perinatal death, small-for-gestational age / intrauterine growth restricted birth); Pregnancy resulted from infertility treatment, Fertility-enhancing drugs, Artificial insemination or intrauterine insemination; Pregnancy resulted from infertility treatment, Assisted reproductive technology (e.g., in vitro fertilization (IVF) gamete intrafallopian transfer (GIFT)); Mother had a previous cesarean delivery - if yes, how many**; None of the above.  **=if &amp;quot;Mother had a previous cesarean delivery&amp;quot; is chosen, a subclass of RiskFactor is used to contain the number of previous cesarean deliveries.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains zero or more [0..*] <tt><b>methodOfDelivery</b></tt>, where its type is <xref href="../MethodOfDelivery.dita">Method Of Delivery</xref>
<ul><li>US Standard Certificate Of Birth Field 46    Contains a list of observations regarding the delivery of the infant.  Possible values include: Was delivery with forceps attempted by unsuccessful? - Yes; Was delivery with forceps attempted by unsuccessful? - No; Was delivery with vacuum extraction attempted by unsuccessful? - Yes; Was delivery with vacuum extraction attempted by unsuccessful? - No; Fetal presentation at birth, Cephalic; Fetal presentation at birth, Breech; Fetal presentation at birth, Other; Final route and method of delivery, Vaginal/Spontaneous; Final route and method of delivery, Vaginal/Forceps; Final route and method of delivery, Vaginal/Vacuum; Final route and method of delivery, Cesarean, trial of labor attempted; Cesarean, trial of labor not attempted.</li></ul></li>
</ol>
<codeblock id="example"><![CDATA[]]></codeblock>
<section id="changes">
</section>
<p><ph id="classformalname">Birth Certificate</ph></p>
</body>
</topic>
