<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="classId" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Clinic Stop - conformance rules</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc"></shortdesc>
<prolog id="prolog">
</prolog>
<body>
<section id="description">
<p>Identifies various nodes within a workflow process that is typically performed by a Medical Service.  Used to facilitate collection of workload and financial information.  This is equivalent to File 40.7 in Vista.</p>
</section>
<ol id="conformance">
<li>Extends <xref href="../ServiceDeliveryLocation.dita">Service Delivery Location</xref></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>stopCode</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Code.dita">Code</xref>
<ul><li>Identifies various nodes within a workflow process that is typically performed by the Service.  Used to facilitate collection of workload and financial information.</li></ul></li>
</ol>
<ol id="aggregate">
<li>Extends <xref href="../ServiceDeliveryLocation.dita">Service Delivery Location</xref></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>id</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Id.dita">Id</xref>
<ul><li>A unique string or token used to identify the Organization - Location combination.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>name</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../String.dita">String</xref>
<ul><li>The name of the Organization-Location.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>address</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Address.dita">Address</xref>
<ul><li>The business address of the Organization-Location.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>phone</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Telecommunications.dita">Telecommunications</xref>
<ul><li>The business phone number of the Organization-Location.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>stopCode</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Code.dita">Code</xref>
<ul><li>Identifies various nodes within a workflow process that is typically performed by the Service.  Used to facilitate collection of workload and financial information.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>organization</b></tt>, where its type is <xref href="../Organization.dita">Organization</xref>
<ul><li>Points to the Organization operating at the Location.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>location</b></tt>, where its type is <xref href="../Location.dita">Location</xref>
<ul><li>Points to the Location at which the Organization is operating.</li></ul></li>
</ol>
<codeblock id="example"><![CDATA[]]></codeblock>
<section id="changes">
</section>
<p><ph id="classformalname">Clinic Stop</ph></p>
</body>
</topic>
