<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="classId" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Constraint Policy - conformance rules</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc"></shortdesc>
<prolog id="prolog">
</prolog>
<body>
<section id="description">
<p>A constraint policy is intended to constrain an existing policy. For example a ConstraintPolicy instance may be used to represent a consent directive that sets specific 'constraints' on a default organizational policy regarding substance abuse data (e.g., 42CFR Part2). A policy (BasicPolicy or CompositePolicy) can be constrained in the sense of profiles for tailoring a policy instance. Complex constraints (e.g., an OCL expression) may be applied and managed separately. For this definition and management purpose it is possible to separate externally-defined constraints and specify a 'ConstraintPolicy' with clearly defined associations to the constrained policy according to component model principles.  Effectively, the result of applying constraints is just another CompositePolicy.</p>
</section>
<ol id="conformance">
<li>Extends <xref href="../BasicPolicy.dita">Basic Policy</xref></li>
<li>Contains zero or more [0..*] <tt><b>constraint</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../String.dita">String</xref>
<ul><li>Constraint expression.</li></ul></li>
</ol>
<ol id="aggregate">
<li>Extends <xref href="../Policy.dita">Policy</xref></li>
<li>Extends <xref href="../BasicPolicy.dita">Basic Policy</xref></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>description</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../String.dita">String</xref>
<ul><li>This attribute specifies the narrative description of the policy. </li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>effectiveTime</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../TimeInterval.dita">Time Interval</xref>
<ul><li>This attribute specifies the period of time (e.g., start date, end date) during which the privacy policy described by ePolicy is in effect.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>id</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Id.dita">Id</xref>
<ul><li>Uniquely identifies the policy</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>name</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../String.dita">String</xref>
<ul><li>A human discernible name for the policy</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>status</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Code.dita">Code</xref>
<ul><li>This attribute indicates whether the policy is active or not</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>uri</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../String.dita">String</xref>
<ul><li>The location of published policy.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>purposeOfUse</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Code.dita">Code</xref>
<ul><li>This attribute is used to specify the purpose to permit a specific type of action/operation according to the policy. The vocabulary analysis section provides additional illustrative values for the concept embodied by this attribute. </li></ul></li>
<li>Contains zero or more [0..*] <tt><b>allowableAccessTime</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../TimeInterval.dita">Time Interval</xref>
<ul><li>An access may be allowed only during specific time periods of the day (e.g., 9 am to 5 pm).</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>route</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Code.dita">Code</xref>
<ul><li>This attribute specifies whether access to protected information may only be granted for a specified route of access.  For example, access may be restricted to remote users using a Virtual Private Network (VPN). The route is a context qualifier as specified by ISO/IEC 10164-9.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains zero or more [0..*] <tt><b>constraint</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../String.dita">String</xref>
<ul><li>Constraint expression.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains zero or more [0..*] <tt><b>authority</b></tt>, where its type is <xref href="../Authority.dita">Authority</xref>
<ul><li>This is an association to the Authority that issued the policy.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains zero or more [0..*] <tt><b>securityRole</b></tt>, where its type is <xref href="../SecurityRole.dita">Security Role</xref>
<ul><li>ISO-22600 specifies a role as 'set of competences and/or performances which is associated with a task'. A role is a specialization of CompositePolicy that define a group of policies (authorization, obligation, delegation and refrain policies).</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains zero or more [0..*] <tt><b>operationType</b></tt>, where its type is <xref href="../Operation.dita">Operation</xref>
<ul><li>This association refers to the operation associated with the policy.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains zero or more [0..*] <tt><b>informationReference</b></tt>, where its type is <xref href="../InformationReference.dita">Information Reference</xref>
<ul><li>This association references the attributes of the information referenced in the policy. </li></ul></li>
</ol>
<codeblock id="example"><![CDATA[]]></codeblock>
<section id="changes">
</section>
<p><ph id="classformalname">Constraint Policy</ph></p>
</body>
</topic>
