<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="classId" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>IV Adminstration - conformance rules</title>
<shortdesc id="shortdesc"></shortdesc>
<prolog id="prolog">
</prolog>
<body>
<section id="description">
</section>
<ol id="conformance">
<li>Extends <xref href="../_MedicationAdministrationEvent.dita">_ Medication Administration Event</xref></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>actualIvLimitation</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../String.dita">String</xref>
<ul><li>This is the maximum length of time to administer, or the maximum volume to administer, for IV fluid orders. The value may be in ML or CC for  milliliters, L for liters, D for days, or H for hours.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>infusionRate</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../RateQuantity.dita">Rate Quantity</xref>
<ul><li>Infusion: "Introduction of a solution into the body through a vein for therapeutic purposes."  (American Heritage Stedman's Medical Dictionary).  This is the rate at which the solution is introduced into the body.  Expressed as volume/time (e.g., 500 ml/hr)
</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>syringeSize</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../String.dita">String</xref>
<ul><li>Size of the syringe to be used to administer IV.

Do we need this???</li></ul></li>
</ol>
<ol id="aggregate">
<li>Extends <xref href="../_MedicationAdministrationEvent.dita">_ Medication Administration Event</xref></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>dateTime</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../PointInTime.dita">Point In Time</xref>
<ul><li>The date and time that the medication was or will be administered.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>bodySite</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Code.dita">Code</xref>
</li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>route</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Code.dita">Code</xref>
</li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>dosageOrdered</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Real.dita">Real</xref>
<ul><li>This is the amount of the medication the patient is to receive as one dose for this order. This should be an amount with a unit of measure, such as '500MG' or '50cc'. THIS SHOULD NOT BE THE NUMBER OF TABLETS, ETC.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>frequency</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../TimeInterval.dita">Time Interval</xref>
<ul><li>Specifies when the substance is to be administered and how frequently.  Note that this is a complex data type that may indicate specific times or intervals (e.g., 10:00 AM, MWF, etc).</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>patientLocation</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../String.dita">String</xref>
<ul><li>Free text; location (room, bed and ward) of the patient at the time of the medication administration.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>status</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../Code.dita">Code</xref>
<ul><li>The current state of the Substance Administration.  Possible values include: Infusing, Given, Held, Completed, etc.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>actualIvLimitation</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../String.dita">String</xref>
<ul><li>This is the maximum length of time to administer, or the maximum volume to administer, for IV fluid orders. The value may be in ML or CC for  milliliters, L for liters, D for days, or H for hours.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>infusionRate</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../RateQuantity.dita">Rate Quantity</xref>
<ul><li>Infusion: "Introduction of a solution into the body through a vein for therapeutic purposes."  (American Heritage Stedman's Medical Dictionary).  This is the rate at which the solution is introduced into the body.  Expressed as volume/time (e.g., 500 ml/hr)
</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>syringeSize</b></tt> with data type <xref href="../String.dita">String</xref>
<ul><li>Size of the syringe to be used to administer IV.

Do we need this???</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains zero or more [0..*] <tt><b>comments</b></tt>, where its type is <xref href="../CommentEvent.dita">Comment Event</xref>
<ul><li>Comments regarding the Medication order.</li></ul><ul><li>Any additional comments regarding the SubstanceAdministrationEvent.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>patientDivision</b></tt>, where its type is <xref href="../Institution.dita">Institution</xref>
<ul><li>Division of the ward where the patient was located for this administration event.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains zero or more [0..*] <tt><b>administeredItem</b></tt>, where its type is <xref href="../_MedicationAdministrationComponent.dita">_ Medication Administration Component</xref>
<ul><li>The medication component administered to the patient.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>orderedItem</b></tt>, where its type is <xref href="../OrderablePharmacyItem.dita">Orderable Pharmacy Item</xref>
<ul><li>The item that was ordered to be administered to the patient.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains zero or more [0..*] <tt><b>prnMedicationAdministration</b></tt>, where its type is <xref href="../PrnMedicationAdministration.dita">Prn Medication Administration</xref>
</li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>administeringProvider</b></tt>, where its type is <xref href="../ResponsibleParty.dita">Responsible Party</xref>
</li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>patient</b></tt>, where its type is <xref href="../Patient.dita">Patient</xref>
</li>
<li>Contains zero or more [0..*] <tt><b>observedReaction</b></tt>, where its type is <xref href="../ObservedReaction.dita">Observed Reaction</xref>
</li>
</ol>
<codeblock id="example"><![CDATA[]]></codeblock>
<section id="changes">
</section>
<p><ph id="classformalname">IV Adminstration</ph></p>
</body>
</topic>
