<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="classId" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Lab Test Promise For Exchange - conformance rules</title>
<body>
<section id="description">
<p>cda=LabReportEntry
niem=Extension</p>
</section>
<ol id="conformance">
<li><b>SHALL</b> conform to <xref href="../../../../org.openhealthtools.mdht.uml.cda.nulldoc/dita/classes/LabTestPromise.dita">null Lab Test Promise</xref> template (templateId: <tt>ActiveProblemsSection</tt>)</li>
<li>Contains zero or one [0..1] <tt><b>procedureCode</b></tt>
</li>
</ol>
<ol id="aggregate">
<li><b>SHALL</b> conform to <xref href="../../../../org.openhealthtools.mdht.uml.cda.nulldoc/dita/classes/LabTestPromise.dita">null Lab Test Promise</xref> template (templateId: <tt>ActiveProblemsSection</tt>)</li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>accessionDate</b></tt>, where its data type is PointInTime
<ul><li>The timestamp for the time the lab accessioned the lab order.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>accessionId</b></tt>, where its data type is Id
<ul><li>Identification of test(s) ordered.  Used for identity of filler in the act of accepting  a laboratory test, and entering the test into the laboratory's workload.  An identifier assigned to the accepted laboratory test(s) identifying the samples, specimens, and results.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>dateExpected</b></tt>, where its data type is PointInTime
</li>
<li>Contains zero or one [0..1] <tt><b>dateReportCompleted</b></tt>, where its data type is PointInTime
<ul><li>This attribute is added to indicate the date lab report is completed.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains zero or one [0..1] <tt><b>dateSpecimenReceived</b></tt>, where its data type is PointInTime
<ul><li>Contains the date the the specimen  was received.

</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>fillerOrderId</b></tt>, where its data type is Id
<ul><li>This is identifies the order as seen from laboratory system.  

the order number as seen from the laboratory.  This term can be seen as the "provider order number".  </li></ul></li>
<li><b>SHALL</b> contain exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>priority</b></tt>, which <b>SHALL</b> be selected from ValueSet<tt> 2.16.840.1.113883.3.88.12.3221.7.2 Problem Type</tt><b> STATIC</b> 1, where its data type is CD
<ul><li>This field has been retained for backward compatibility only.  It is not used.  Previously priority (e.g., STAT, ASAP), but that information is carried as the sixth component of OBR-27-quantity/timing.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains zero or one [0..1] <tt><b>procedureCode</b></tt>
</li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>status</b></tt>, where its data type is CD
<ul><li>Identifies the status of the Lab Test Promise act.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>testCategory</b></tt>, where its data type is String
<ul><li>Categories the type of lab test ordered and performed.  Possible values include Chemistry/Hematology, Microbiology (to include bacteriology, parasitology, mycology, mycobateriology, and virology), Cytopathology, Anatomic Pathology, Autopsy, etc.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains zero or more [0..*] <tt><b>commentEvent</b></tt>, such that
<ol>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <xref href="../CommentEvent.dita">Comment Event</xref></li></ol><ul><li>An association linking a comment pertinent to the result of the lab test promise.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains zero or one [0..1] <tt><b>labPatient</b></tt>, such that
<ol>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <xref href="../Patient.dita">Patient</xref></li></ol><ul><li>The patient or subject of the diagnostic procedure that is being performed.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>labTest</b></tt>, such that
<ol>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <xref href="../LabTest.dita">Lab Test</xref></li></ol></li>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <tt><b>labTestRequest</b></tt>, such that
<ol>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <xref href="../LabTestRequest.dita">Lab Test Request</xref></li></ol><ul><li>Represents the test (or battery of tests) as it was ordered by the Ordering Practitioner.  It is noted that the test ordered may not be performed, or the test(s) performed may have been different from the one ordered, or that a test may have been performed that was not ordered (this will occur if the results of a test prompting the performer to perform a different test).

</li></ul><ul><li>An association from labTestPromise to LabTestRequest identifying the test (or battery of tests) as it was ordered by the Ordering Practitioner. </li></ul></li>
<li>Contains zero or one [0..1] <tt><b>performingOrganization</b></tt>, such that
<ol>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <xref href="../Institution.dita">Institution</xref></li></ol><ul><li>An association from LabTestPromise to Institution identifying the organization/service responsible for performing the service.  </li></ul></li>
<li>Contains zero or one [0..1] <tt><b>specimenCollectionEvent</b></tt>, such that
<ol>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <xref href="../SpecimenCollectionEvent.dita">Specimen Collection Event</xref></li></ol><ul><li>The gathering of specimens  for use in testing, examination, or study based upon a request (order).<a urine specimen>. 


</li></ul><ul><li>An association from LabTestPromise to SpecimenCollectEvent identifying the specimen collection event.</li></ul></li>
<li>Contains zero or one [0..1] <tt><b>verifier</b></tt>, such that
<ol>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <xref href="../Verifier.dita">Verifier</xref></li></ol></li>
<li>Contains zero or one [0..1] <tt><b>labSubject</b></tt>, such that
<ol>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <xref href="../Subject.dita">Subject</xref></li></ol></li>
<li>Contains zero or more [0..*] <tt><b>relatedLabPromise</b></tt>, such that
<ol>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <xref href="../RelatedLabPromise.dita">Related Lab Promise</xref></li></ol></li>
<li>Contains zero or one [0..1] <tt><b>labReferral</b></tt>, such that
<ol>
<li>Contains exactly one [1..1] <xref href="../LabReferral.dita">Lab Referral</xref></li></ol></li>
</ol>
<codeblock id="example"><![CDATA[