<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN"
 "topic.dtd">
<topic id="topicId" xml:lang="en-us">
	<title>AdverseEventReporting Domain</title>
	<body>	
			<p>This domain contains the concepts needed to produce and send a report concerning a Product Safety-related event to a jurisdictional entity (i.e., FDA or CDC).  In the future, we expect that this domain will be constrained such that specific reports such as the MedWatch 3500 can be specified.  See the package documentation for further details.</p>
			<p>This domain contains the concepts needed to produce and send a report concerning a Product Safety-related event (which includes unexpected reactions to a medication) to a jurisdictional entity (i.e., FDA or CDC).  This domain is closely aligned with the HL7 Individual Case Safety Report (ICSR) standard.  ICSR models the superset of concepts needed for the FDA Medwatch and VAERS reports, but does not include non-drug products (such as medical devices, cosmetics, or food supplements) and does not deal with non-human applications (e.g., veterinary medicine).  We intend to add structures for these concepts at a later date.</p><p></p><p>Adverse Event Reporting is considered a kind of Public Health Report, so we expect a hierarchy from Public Health Report to Product-Related Adverse Events to specific kinds of reports such as the Medwatch reports.  Other kinds of adverse events will likely also be reportable and will have other characteristics.  For now, we are concentrating on the Product-Related Adverse Events.</p><p></p><p>Eventually, this domain will be constrained such that specific reports such as the MedWatch 3500 can be specified.  The effort to do so has been postponed while related work is being conducted within the Structured Data Initiative.  When that work is done, we expect to re-visit this domain.  At that time separate sub-packages will be created for various types of reports such as the MedWatch 3500 and the VAERS-1.</p>




 
	</body>
</topic>
