<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN"
 "topic.dtd">
<topic id="topicId" xml:lang="en-us">
	<title>CarePlan Domain</title>
	<body>	
			<p>Note that in the future, we might include an indication of the degree to which the Care Intervention conforms to the applicable Guideline(s)</p>
			<p>A care plan is a planning and coordination tool to assist in delivery of integrated/collaborative care by a health care team within which the patient is the center of the team. A care plan supports the inclusion of health concerns and risks, health goals, care preferences and barriers, interventions, and iterative reviews during the planning and implementation phases of collaborative care. The care plan also supports communication of the whole, or parts of the plan, acceptance (or not) of the plan, and synchronization or reconciliation of multiple plans.</p><p></p><p>This package describes the information classes required to define and document a care plan over time.  It is based on the HL7 Care Plan Domain Analysis Model (DAM) Release 1 balloted in May 2014.</p>
			<p>In the VA/DoD, a care manager manages an episode of care - a case manager manages across episodes of care.</p><p></p><p>Care managers in the payer realm have the same viewpoint, but additionally to coordinate benefits in order to stabilize and improve the health status of the patient.</p><p></p><p>Utilization managers tend to look at each benefit request separately.</p>
			<p>Note: All Acts and Observations in this package are subtypes of Clinical Information.  This is not shown in the diagram to avoid clutter.</p>
			<p>Note: Properties beginning with a &quot;$_&quot; have been harmonized with the HL7 Care Plan DAM and with FHIR.  This is a temporary construct in order to visually indicate which elements correspond to HL7 and which do not.</p>




 
	</body>
</topic>
